I am feeling hungry so I would like to find a place to eat.	13
Hi i need a help, i am very hungry, I am looking for a restaurant	13
Help me find a good restaurant.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a Filipino place to eat.	13
Can you help find a place to eat?	13
My friend and I are looking for a place to eat.	13
Can you find me something economical to eat in Pleasanton.	13
I am looking to eat somewhere	13
I'm starving! Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Breakfast in Fairfield?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat at?	13
Hello, could you help me search for a place to dine in?	13
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need some best places, can you search one for me?	13
I want to find a restaurant in Albany.	13
Can you pull up a list of places to eat?	13
I'm looking for a good place to get something to eat, can you help?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
Are there any Mexican places in Rohnert Park?	13
I'm getting pretty hungry and need to find a place to eat.	13
Can you help me find a restaurant?	13
I am looking for a place to eat. Can you find restaurants specializing in Singaporean cuisine near me?	13
Can you help me find an afforadable place to eat?	13
I will be going to eat with a friend what expensive restaurants do you recommend?	13
I am tired of eating my cooking. I want to eat out tonight.	13
I am looking for an inexpensive place to eat that has live music.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
Hey! Today feeling so tired... Wish to have some food outside in a good restaurant... Can you find me one?	13
I'm looking for somewhere in Dublin to have a meal and a drink.	13
I am bored of eating food from home , i need a change . Will you find me a place to eat? It can be costly priced and i am very fond of it	13
I'm starting to get hungry. I want to go eat at a nice restaurant.	13
I'm planning on going out to eat later on. Can you help me find a place to eat at?	13
I am looking for an intermediate priced eating place in the nearby area.	13
I would like to it in a place in Pleasanton.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
Will you find me a place to eat?	13
Will you find me somewhere to eat?	13
I want to eat out at an intermediate priced location, can you find me some options?	13
I am planning to go out for dinner. Can you find me restaurants nearby?	13
I'm feeling hungry, do you know of any places that average priced?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat with my girlfriend, do you know of any good restaurants?	13
I'm on a budget and I am looking for a cafe that is not very costly.	13
I'm hungry. Find places to eat please.	13
Can you find a place to eat?	13
I would like to find a Chinese food restaurant.	13
Can you find me place to eat?	13
I am searching for a eating place with a intermediate priced	13
i am meeting my friend after a long time and i wish to eat along with him. Will you find a place to eat and i don't have a price preference.	13
Can you help me locate a place to eat?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.	13
I'm getting a craving for Diner food, can you help me look for a place?	13
I'd like to find somewhere to eat. Someplace intermediate priced.	13
Please search for an economical priced place to eat that serves alcohol.	13
I want a good place to eat that is fancy priced	13
I would like to look for a place where I could eat.	13
My husband and I want to have dinner out. Are there any good places to eat around here?	13
Do you know of any places to eat in San Francisco?	13
I'm looking for restaurants.	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
Hi I'm hungry and also need to let loose tonight. Can you find me a place to eat that serves alcohol?	13
I'd like to find a place to eat in this city.	13
What would be a good place to eat?	13
I am looking for somewhere to eat? Do you know of any good places?	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I need to find somewhere to get a good meal in Pleasanton, can you help?	13
Do you know a place to eat?	13
Hello! I am looking for a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for restaurants to dine in.	13
I have a friend visiting from out of town and need to find somewhere good for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants in San Jose?	13
I think dining out will be a wonderful thing. Look for a suitable place please.	13
I am meeting a friend for food later. Can you find me a pricey place nearby?	13
I want to go out to eat in Milpitas.	13
I would like to eat at outside, can you find some nice place?	13
I am trying to find fancy place to eat. I'm willing to pay more for a nice meal.	13
I want to find somewhere to eat. It needs to serve alcohol and it doesn't matter if it's pricey.	13
Where can I go to eat that also serves alcohol?	13
Could you suggest a place to eat?	13
I am looking for a place with good breakfast.	13
Can you recommend me somewhere to eat?	13
I would like to eat out side this time, can you search for a nice place?	13
I have a date later and I am looking for a good place to eat.	13
Can you recommend a restaurant where I can go for a meal.	13
Please book me a restaurant in Cotati.	13
I am looking for a place to eat. I don't have a price preference.	13
Can you find me a place to eat please?	13
Give me a place to eat at.	13
I am looking for a Greek place to eat please.	13
Please help me find a restaurant.	13
I want to go out to eat.	13
I would like to find a restaurant please.	13
I want to get something to eat, something that's pricey, help me look for a place.	13
I'm hungry, do you have any recommendations on where to eat?	13
Is there a place to eat?	13
What's a good place to grab a bite?	13
I'm searching for a place to dine at.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat.	13
what can I have for breakfast	13
I would like to find a place to eat in Santa Rosa.	13
I am looking for a restaurant.	13
I am looking for a place to grab a bite to eat.	13
I am wondering if you find me a good dining to have my food.	13
I am looking for somewhere to eat.	13
I would like to find a restaurant in Oakland	13
Can you find me a restaurant?	13
I am looking for a place to eat.	13
Will you find me a place to eat?	13
I'm looking for a place to eat	13
I'd like to find a place to eat in Oakland.	13
I need somewhere to have dinner, can you find me a reasonably priced place to eat?	13
I want something not very costly priced	13
I would like to go to a restaurant.	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.	13
I am looking for a not very costly place to get a bite to eat and an alcoholic drink.	13
Hey, can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I need somewhere to get a bite to eat, can you hook me up?	13
i want to eat at a place in mountain view preferably one that serves alcohol.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant to go to. I'd prefer a place that specializes in fish.	13
I would like to find somewhere to eat, preferably Asian food.	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
I am in SFO for business and looking for a place to eat.	13
I need somewhere to take a friend out for dinner. I would prefer if it was To-go	13
I want to go out to eat, looking for Parisian food.	13
Hi. I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
I'll be out of town for a business conference and am looking for a place to eat while I'm there.	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat in Dublin?	13
I am planning to eat in some nice place outside, can you help me to search for one place that suits me?	13
I'm looking for a place to eat.	13
I am looking for a restaurant.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for an Oriental resturant in San Anselmo.	13
I'm literally starving to death right now. Find me a place that serves like fries and maybe a burger.	13
I am looking for a place to eat.	13
Can you find me a restaurant?	13
I'm searching for Italian food.	13
Let's search places to eat please.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I would like to find a place to eat	13
I do not want to step into the kitchen today. Can you recommend somewhere nice to eat out?	13
I'd like to go to a place to eat, I love live music, do you have any suggestions?	13
I want to find a Japanese restaurant.	13
Can you tell me a four star restaurant nearby?	13
I would like to look for a place where I could eat in Vacaville.	13
I'd like to find somewhere to eat.	13
I would like to find a restaurant in Oakland.	13
I'm taking a friend out to dinner. Can you recommend a place to eat nearby?	13
I want to take my boss out to eat so I can pitch my proposal to him away from all my other co-workers.	13
Please find me a restaurant at which I can eat.	13
Find me a good restaurant.	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
What places are there to eat around here?	13
I'd like to find a place to eat please.	13
I am looking to eat in SFO	13
I want to find a restaurant.	13
Do you know a place where I can get some food?	13
I am looking for a place to eat in Oakland.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat with Szcheuan food.	13
I am looking for somewhere to eat in Alamo.	13
I have a meeting and we plan to get food together. Can you help me to find a place to eat?	13
Could you help me find a place to eat?	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Can you help me to find an affordable place to eat out?	13
I am meeting a friend later and we plan to get food together. Can you find me a restaurant nearby?	13
Can you help me choose a place to eat?	13
I want to find a restaurant.	13
I feel I need to eat outside in a nice place, can you help me?	13
I'm hungry! Can you find me a restaurant?	13
I would like to eat out.	13
I'm hungry. Can you find me a place to eat nearby?	13
I would like to fins restaurant that serves Spicy Indian cuisine.	13
I will eat later, please find me a place.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
I want to eat something that is not very costly.	13
I'm looking for an affordable place to eat.	13
Search eateries in San Fran. please	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
Find places to eat please.	13
Can you search for a place where Coffeehouse kind of food is available.	13
Can you help me find a low priced restaurant in the area?	13
I am interested in eating place	13
I need a place to get a meal, can you help?	13
I want to find a restaurant in San Fran.	13
Im searching for a place to eat.	13
I am looking for somewhere to eat Lobster.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat, that's also economical in price. Some Persian food sounds perfect.	13
Find me a place to eat that also serves alcohol.	13
I am looking for a place to eat that serves Pizza.	13
I want to eat!	13
Hi, i am hungry, I need to find a hotel	13
I'm hungry, help me find some average priced grub	13
I am looking for a place to eat in Fremont.	13
Hello, I am looking for a place to eat.	13
I want to eat somewhere in San Mateo, can you give me a recommendation?	13
I would like to find a restaurant in Santa Rosa	13
I am feeling hungry so I need to find a place to eat and also for the place to be serving alcohol.	13
I'm looking to find a restaurant in the area. I'm taking my wife out to celebrate our anniversary, and I want it to be a nice place, something pricey. Also she loves fish so if they serve Freshwater fish they would be perfect.	13
Find me a place to east in Santa Clara.	13
I am searching for a place to eat at San Fran.	13
I'm trying to find a restaurant.	13
I need to find a place to dine.	13
Hello! I am looking for a place to have a nice meal.	13
Now only i put my sons to sleep and i have lot of time to relax . will you find a movie for me to watch?	8
I want to watch a movie.	8
I want to watch the movie The Mustang.	8
I want to watch How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World now if possible.	8
My friend told me that he will come but no information about his arrive so i have plenty of time so i thought of watching a movie. Will you find a movie now?	8
I would really like to watch a movie.	8
I would like to watch a movie.	8
I want to see a movie now.	8
A friend and I would like to see a movie. I am available now and would like to purchase the ticket and watch the movie now.	8
Im would like to watch a movie now. I wish to watch Citizen Kane.	8
I want to watch a movie.	8
I would like to see the movie now.	8
I want to watch a movie right now.	8
I am in the mood for a movie.	8
I would like to watch The birds movie.	8
There's a movie that I want to watch right now. And I'd prefer to watch it with subtitles.	8
I would like to watch the movie now.	8
Find me a movie to watch right now. I'm super bored.	8
I feel like watching a movie. How about Mary Magdalene?	8
I would like to watch a movie.	8
I would like to watch the movie The aftermath now	8
I would like to watch the movie now.	8
I'd like to watch a movie.	8
I've been off the grid for an entire week. I'm dying to watch a movie now!	8
I am in the mood to watch that movie Wild Nights.	8
I wanna watch green Book at the movies	8
I would like to watch Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe	8
i want to watch the movie now	8
I would like to watch a movie.	8
Can you start the movie?	8
I want to watch the movie The Mustang right now.	8
I want to watch The Upside now.	8
Hey, I feel like watching The Invisibles. Can you play it?	8
Can you play the movie Hackers?	8
I'd like to watch a movie.	8
I would like to watch The Man Who Knew Too Much now, and please have it with subtitles.	8
I'd like to watch a movie now	8
I would like to watch a movie now.	8
I need to observe the motion picture presently. I need to observe Breakthrough.	8
I would like to start the movie now.	8
Please find me a movie with subtitles	8
Now seems a good moment to watch the movie.	8
I wish to watch a movie with subtitles.	8
I would like to watch a movie.	8
Can you find and play the movie, Shazam!?	8
I would like to watch the movie Long Shot right now.	8
My friend and I are interested in watching a movie now.	8
I want to watch a movie now.	8
Hi, I need a help, I want to watch the movie Curse of La Llorona now	8
My friend got delayed at work for a few hours, so I'd like to watch a movie to pass the time.	8
I'd like to watch a movie right now.	8
I would like to watch the movie now.	8
I'd like to watch the movie now.	8
I would like to watch a movie.	8
I want to watch the movie now. I want to watch it with subtitles.	8
I would love the watch the movie Searching for Sugar Man now	8
Can you start a movie for me?	8
I want to watch the movie with subtitles.	8
Okay, it's family movie night. We want to see a good movie that's family oriented and fun?	8
I want to watch the movie now.	8
I would like to watch a movie. Can you find the movie Fighting with My Family?	8
I would like to watch the movie now.	8
I need a restaurant reservation.	13
On March 2nd we are going to celebrate my wedding anniversary. So please check for a reservation at a restaurant.	13
id like to make a reservation for friday next week.	13
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Eric's.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
Hey! I would like to have dining today in the restaurant Clementine's. Please can you reserve me a table?	13
I'm taking a client out to dinner and I want to make a dinner reservation.	13
I want to book a reservation at a restaurant.	13
It's my friend's birthday and I want to take them to Aquitaine in SF, can you book me a reservation?	13
I want to get a reservation in Berkeley.	13
I want to reserve a table at a restaurant.	13
I want to book the Taste of Burma restaurant for 2 persons. Can you help me?	13
Can you help me make a reservation at 1:15 pm in Concord?	13
Can you reserve a table for me?	13
I'd like to book a spot at a diner.	13
I would like to make reservations for 2 at Pescatore.	13
Please make me a reservation on 9th of this month, at seven pm	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant on 10th of march in san fran.	13
Can you find me a restaurant so that I can make a reservation?	13
My Anniversary is coming up. Can you find me a restaurant has reservations available on the 10th of this month?	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I need a restaurant reservation.	13
Hi, I'm interested in making a restaurant reservation.	13
Listen up, my friend. My co-worker and I want to celebrate the end of this tough project. Please use your magic to help me make a reservation for two at a nice restaurant.	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I wish to make a reservation at a restaurant in Pleasant Hill.	13
Please make me a reservation at the Bear Republic restaurant	13
Hello, Good morning!!! I wish to go out for dinner today. Can you make a dinner reservation at a good restaurant?	13
Make me a reservation at a restaurant please	13
I would like to make a 4:45 pm restuarant reservation.	13
I want to reserve a table at 7:45 in the evening, in a restaurant.	13
Make a reservation in Dynasty restaurant for two people.	13
i want to booking a restaurant for 2 people	13
Can I make a restaurant reservation? I want it on March 12th.	13
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation at quarter to 7 in the evening.	13
I'd like to book a spot at a diner. I'd like to have it on the 8th of this month for 1 person.	13
I won't have time to make dinner after my big meeting so I would like to make a dinner reservation.	13
I want to make a reservation for this evening 7.	13
I'd like to make a booking at a restaurant.	13
I want booking at a restaurant on the 7th in SF	13
Can you help me make a reservation for a restaurant for a date?	13
I'd like to make reservations at a restaurant.	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation in San Jose.	13
I want to make a reservation at restaurant Hisui 2.	13
I would like to make a reservation to a restaurant for 5 pm.	13
I'm going out tonight and need to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I need help with making a restaurant reservation.	13
I want to make reservations at Stella Alpina Osteria	13
Please help me to make a reservation at a place to eat.	13
I hear Hunan Impression has great food. I'd like to make a reservation for it.	13
I want to make a restaurant reservation please.	13
Hi, I'd like to go out and eat with some friends. Can you book a restaurant reservation for 6:30 pm?	13
I want to reserve a table at Cafe Vitale at 19:00.	13
I need to reserve a table.	13
Hi, I would like to make a restaurant reservation for 3 people.	13
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Anar.	13
I'd like to make a reservation for 2 at Milpitas.	13
Please help me make a restaurant reservation for later today.	13
I'l like to reserve a table at a restaurant for 6 people.	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation for three people.	13
I need a restaurant reservation.	13
I'd like to make a reservation for a restaurant.	13
I need a reservation to a restaurant.	13
I would like to book a reservation for a place to eat.	13
I was thinking about going to the restaurant, can you help me with the reservation process?	13
Can you make a reservation 1t 12:30 in the afternoon at a restaurant?	13
I wanna make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant called Dong Que.	13
I am hungry and want to make a restaurant reservation.	13
My friend and I would like to make a reservation for 2 at restaurant.	13
I'd like to book a spot at a diner.	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant for three people.	13
I would like to take my wife to dinner at her favorite restaurant, Allegro Romano.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant for 11:15.	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant at 6 pm.	13
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation please.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
Can you get me dinner reservations for 6 in the evening?	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant for the 1st of this month.	13
I'd like to reserve dinner at a restaurant in Santa Rosa	13
Hi! I'm meeting a date today! Could you make a reservation at seven in the evening tonight?	13
Make a reservation at the restaurant Navin.	13
I need you to make reservations st Koh Samui & The Monkey for three please	13
I want to make a reservation at Broderick Roadhouse.	13
I need to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I'd like to make a dinner reservation.	13
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?	13
I need to make a reservation for a date on the 2nd.	13
Can you find me a reservation at a restaurant in San Jose?	13
I want a reservation for a restaurant.	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
Hello, I'd like to make a reservation at My No.1 Sushi for 1.	13
I want to reserve a restaurant in Walnut Creek	13
I'd like to make a reservation at China Villa.	13
I would like to make a reservation for The View on the 2nd of this month.	13
Can I make a reservation at this restaurant?	13
I want to reserve a spot at a table tonight.	13
I want a reservation at the Santa Rosa restaurant.	13
I would like to set up a reservation at a restaurant please.	13
I would like to make a reservation.	13
I want to make a reservation at Cassava restaurant.	13
I would like to make a reservation.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restuarant	13
I want to go to a restaurant on March 2nd. Can you make a reservation?	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant in Half Moon Bay.	13
My old college roommates are visiting me soon, and I would like to make a reservation at an upscale restaurant to impress them. Do you know of any such places nearby?	13
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant please.	13
I want to make a reservation at La Panotiq restaurant at 12:00	13
I'd like to make a reservation on the 12th of March for three people.	13
I want to eat out today, and would like a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I need a restaurant reservation	13
I am planning to go to dinner with some friends and I would like to choose a restaurant and secure a reservation.	13
I want to make a reservation at Asya	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant	13
I want to book a table	13
I would like to make a reservation for the 4th of March.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant. I want it in Oakland.	13
i want to make a reservation at restaurant	13
I'm meeting a friend soon, and we'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I need to make a reservation for a lunch date	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I want to go out to dinner next week. Can you make me a reservation for 7 o"clock in the evening?	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant.	13
I need to make a dinner reservation.	13
I'd like to eat at Rivoli	13
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant.	13
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
Hi, I am going out with my friend soon. I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I am looking for a restaurant in San Ramon.	13
I would like to reserve a table for dinner.	13
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Acquerello.	13
I would like to make a reservation at Chef Zhao restaurant at 11 am	13
I am meeting my brother to have a meal together so I want to make a reservation at seven in the evening.	13
I'd like to reserve a table at a nearby restaurant.	13
I'm looking for events in NY, and heard the Yankees vs orioles is fun.	4
I am looking for dates of the events I am interested in. From what people have been telling me, Lizzo is a good one.	4
I would like to know when events are taking place.	4
Can you find me some events?	4
I'm looking for event dates.	4
Are there any upcoming events in the District of Columbia?	4
I need dates for events.	4
Please find me dates for events.	4
I've made a resolution to get out more. Please help me find dates for events.	4
I'm looking for some event dates taking place in Stanford.	4
I want to search dates for events.	4
I wish to search for event dates.	4
I'm looking for event dates in NY. Want to get out and about.	4
Could you help me find an event for an upcoming date?	4
I am looking for some dates for upcoming events.	4
I want to find dates for events. I am interested in events in New York and have heard that Laura Osnes is quite good.	4
Hi I'm bored and need to find dates for events.	4
I'm looking for an event.	4
I am curious about some events.	4
I want to see an event in Phoenix.	4
Can you find me the dates of the event Philly?	4
I would like to find local event and I hear Johnnyswim is good.	4
Can you find me dates for events in Atlanta.	4
when is Nycfc vs sporting kc in new york city?	4
Hey, this weekend I have nothing much to do. What are some dates for events coming up?	4
I am looking for event dates, can you help me to find something?	4
Can you help me find dates for events?	4
I like to go to events will you find me some interesting events and when it is going to happen?	4
Help me find dates for Falcons Vs Jaguars events.	4
Can you help me find some event dates?	4
I want to find dates for events.	4
I want to find dates for events.	4
Hey, can you help me find dates for events?	4
Find me events in Atlanta ,because I herd that Panthers Vs Mountaineers is very good.	4
Hi need a help, I am interested to finding dates for events	4
I am planning a trip to Oakland and I am interested in finding events and when they are going on.	4
I would like to find some dates for events located in DC.	4
Can you search for some events around me?	4
I'd like to find out some dates for upcoming events. What's happening around Seattle, WA? The Sounders Vs Revolution game intrigues me.	4
I'd like to search for event dates.	4
I would like to look for dates for events.	4
Can you look at some events for me?	4
I'd like to find dates for events. I heard that Billy Currington is really good.	4
I want you to find me some dates for events.	4
I am interested in finding dates for events.	4
I'm looking for events near LAX.	4
Can you find me dates of events around Los Angeles?	4
I have some vacation time coming up and would like to know when events will be going on.	4
Can you help me find the dates for some upcoming events?	4
Will you help me find dates for events?	4
Can you find me dates for events in Philly?	4
I would like see event dates for El Salvador Vs Haiti.	4
I would like to find some dates for some events.	4
Could you help me search for some event dates?	4
I would like to find the event Girl In Red.	4
Can you help me find dates for events?	4
I am looking for event dates in Berkeley.	4
I'd like to find a date for events.	4
I need to find something to do with some friends in Portland, OR. Can you see what events are going on?	4
I am looking for events in LAX	4
I'm interested in finding some dates for some events.	4
I would like dates for certain events.	4
I'd like to find dates for some events.	4
I'm looking for White Sox Vs Twins matches in Chicago.	4
I want to find dates to bring to some events.	4
I like to search dates for events.	4
It is a time for enjoy some events. Can you help me find some events?	4
I have some free time and would like help finding dates for events.	4
I would like to know about some interesting events & their dates, can you help me?	4
I think I want to plan an outing in Toronto, Ontario	4
I want to find out some event dates. Do you think you can pitch in and help?	4
Find me the dates for events in NY.	4
I want to find some good events happening in New York City.	4
Can you find me an event	4
I am interested in finding dates for events in SF	4
Hi, I would like to find dates for events.	4
Are there any events coming up in Portland, OR? I hear that Hozier is really good.	4
I am looking for dates for an event.	4
I need event dates.	4
I am interested in going to the Jordan Rakei event, can you help me?	4
I would like to find dates for some events in San Fran.	4
I'm looking for events in Philadelphia.	4
I want to find the dates for events happening in Seattle, WA. When is the Mariners Vs Angels event happening?	4
I'm looking for dates of events	4
Can you help me find the date for some events that are going on in SD?	4
I want to go out and do something. Can you look up what events are going on in the District of Columbia right now?	4
I need to find dates for events.	4
Hello, I'm looking for the dates of some events.	4
I'm looking for Josh Groban concerts.	4
I like finding dates for events especially Dodgers Vs Giants which is really nice one.	4
I would like to know the dates for the Star City Music Festival in Brisbane.	4
please show me the events dates.	4
Please can you find me some dates for the events.	4
I want to find dates for events in NYC.	4
Please find me some dates for events.	4
I need to find out event dates.	4
Will you help me find some events?	4
I am looking for some events in Chi-town, what dates have events?	4
I am looking for event dates.	4
I would like to some dates for events.	4
I'm looking for dates for events.	4
I'd like to get dates for certain events.	4
Will you find me dates for events?	4
I'd like to search for dates for upcoming events.	4
I want to find a calendar of events	4
I would like to see The Band Camino when I am in Phoenix. Can you tell me the dates that they're playing?	4
Hi, there. I'm interested in finding dates for events.	4
I want to find out some dates for some events. I hear The Chats is a really good event. I am in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I am interested in finding dates for events.	4
Okay, I'm looking for a list of dates for special events in San Francisco. Would you help pull up a list for me, please?	4
I'm interested in finding dates for events.	4
I would like to find local event dates.	4
Hi, I am trying to find some dates for events in the city.	4
I want to find some dates for an event I want to go to.	4
I'm looking for some popular events to go to. I hear that the Raiders Vs Jaguars is popular.	4
I need event dates.	4
I would like to find out when some events will be.	4
I'm interested in the Falcons Vs Redskins game and need to find out the dates.	4
I want to attend an event in New York City.	4
I would like to search for the event White Sox Vs Angels in Chi-town.	4
Can you help find dates for some upcoming events?	4
I'm looking for an event.	4
I'm looking for things to do in New York City, like events, do you have dates for anything like that?	4
I need the dates for some events.	4
I want to find dates for events.	4
I am interested in finding dates for events.	4
Please could you search for dates for events?	4
I am looking for something to do this weekend. I think I can find an event for Prettymuch.	4
I am looking for events date	4
I am interested in finding out the available dates for a Bryan Adams concert in Portland. I heard that his concerts were really good.	4
I want to check out the dates for some events	4
I feel like going out to do something in Oakland. I've heard the Raiders Vs Bengals game should be good.	4
Could you help me find some dates for events?	4
I want to find out more about event dates.	4
I would like to find dates for events in ATL.	4
I'm looking for dates for events.	4
Can you help me find dates for events in SD?	4
I want to go out and do something.	4
I am looking to dates and times of an event to confirm with my schedule.	4
Can you find song's from Jason Aldean's ablum Night Train?	10
I want to listen to some songs from the album Mint.	10
I would like to find some songs, the album Expectations would be a good place to find several good songs.	10
I am looking for some songs to listen to. Could you find pop songs that I can listen to?	10
I'd like to find some music - I really like Metal.	10
I'd like to listen to a song, it doesn't matter who sings it.	10
Hey, can you help me look for some songs?	10
Can you find me some songs like those of Dia Frampton?	10
Can you find me some Pop songs to listen to?	10
Will you find me some songs to listen to? I am open to anything you find.	10
i love Reggae music. Can you help me find some songs?	10
I'm looking for help with some songs from Happiness Begins.	10
Can you find me some rock songs?	10
Can you find me some songs in album Expectations?	10
Can you find me some songs please. I enjoy pop songs.	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you find songs from the album Camila.	10
Could you play a song off of the Heroes album?	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you find me some Jon Pardi songs?	10
I'm in the mood to listen to some music, can you find my some Pop songs?	10
Can you search me some songs? There are many nice songs in the album All The Little Lights	10
Can you find me some songs by the Konshens's?	10
I like Foster The People songs and can you look for some songs for me?	10
It is leisure time for me . I like to hear some Country songs.Could you find me?	10
I'm in the mood to listen to some music. Can you help me find some songs?	10
Could you research music for me, perhaps rock songs?	10
I would like to find some Electropop songs on the album Pure Heroine.	10
Hi. I am looking for some Pop songs. I like Frank Ocean's songs. Could you please find them for me.	10
I want to listen to some music, can you find me some, preferably reggae?	10
Can you find some country songs?	10
I am looking for some songs. Can you look for songs in the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack.	10
I'm looking for some songs.	10
Would you help find me some songs? I really like Alan Walker's songs especially on the album Different World.	10
Can you find me some songs? Any album is fine.	10
I want to hear some Rock songs.	10
Could you find me some songs to listen to? I like Jake Owen.	10
I really like Metalcore songs. Could you look for some songs?	10
Can you find me pop songs, I hear there are good ones in the album Vessel.	10
I need help finding some music.	10
I'm looking for some Rock songs. I like the album Raise Vibration.	10
I would like to listen to a Three Days Grace's rock song	10
Can you find me some Karolina Protsenko songs.	10
Can you help? I am trying to locate some songs.	10
I'm in the mood for some music, can you find me some good pop songs from The Bright Side album?	10
I want to explore some music.	10
I like Black Veil Brides's songs. Can you find me something to listen to	10
Can you find me a Metal song?	10
Can you help me find some good Reggae songs?	10
I need new music to listen to. Can you suggest any Pop songs?	10
Hearing a song is a beautiful entertainment. It fills my mind with very good thoughts.Will you find me some songs?	10
Can you please find some pop songs?	10
I'm looking for some good songs in the Golden Hour album.	10
Please give me some song recommendations.	10
Can you play some pop songs? I especially like Ciara.	10
I need help finding some songs.	10
I would like to find some songs from the album Covers.	10
Can you find some songs in the album Experiment? I enjoy Country songs a lot.	10
Can you find some songs from Marshmello? I like the genre House.	10
Could you find me some songs? I like Rihanna's songs, but any type of song works too.	10
Please play a song from the Frozen album.	10
I'm looking for some Olly Murs songs, can you find me some?	10
Can you find some Shenseea songs for me?	10
Find me songs similar to Tyler childers' songs	10
Can you recommend me some song? I'd like Pop songs from any album.	10
Could you find me some songs from the album Purgatory?	10
can you discover some music for me? I love Reggae music.	10
I'm way bored and want more music now. Can you find something like Popcaan?	10
Can you please find me Linkin Park songs?	10
I am interested in some songs, I do like Pop songs especially and songs from Frank Ocean.	10
I want to listen to some songs.	10
I need helping finding songs by Alan Menken.	10
I'd like some music. Can you find some songs in album K?	10
Can you find me some country songs? I like them very much.	10
Hey, can you find me some music? I really like Electronica	10
I'd like to hear some Pop music.	10
Hi I need some new songs, specifically songs by The Chainsmokers.	10
I am looking for songs on the album Home State.	10
Could you please find me some music? I like Jack Stauber's songs as well as Pop songs.	10
Can you help me find some music by Shashi Lal Yadav?	10
I love Rock songs, could you find me some?	10
I like to listen to song like Disturbed, do you have any suggestions of others that are similar that I might like?	10
I'd like a song from the Stars Dance album	10
I really like Taylor Swift's songs, especially from her album Speak Now. Would you be able to help find me songs similar to those?	10
Can you find me some music to listen to? I'm a big fan of Rihanna.	10
Can you find me any Khalid songs?	10
I'm looking for some songs. Maybe Jon Pardi or anything Country.	10
Will you find some good songs by Lady Gaga from A Star is Born Soundtrack?	10
I would like to listen to music on the album Shatter Me.	10
Hey, could you find me some songs? I'm thinking pop, stuff like that album, Assume Form.	10
Would you find me some music?	10
Can you find me Pop songs like the ones in Forbidden?	10
I like Taylor Swift. Can you help me find some of her songs?	10
I'm looking for Soundtracks to listen to. I really like the song on Purple Reign.	10
Please find me some songs, i think Center Point Road has some good ones.	10
WOuld you find me some Shawn Mendes songs?	10
I'm looking for some songs, and I particularly like the Pop genre.	10
I love to hear songs which makes me relax and enthuastic. Will you find me some songs?	10
Could you find me some good songs in the album Halcyon by Ellie Goulding?	10
Can you find me some music?	10
Could you find me some songs? There are many good ones in the album Battleground!	10
I'm wondering if you could find some songs for me. I like songs by Karolina Protsenko.	10
I'd like to listen to some music.	10
I'm looking for Frank Ocean songs.	10
I really like Jah Cure's songs, can you find me some reggae songs.	10
Can you help me find some songs?	10
Hey, I'd like to listen to some Pop songs.	10
I really like pop songs. Are there any that you can recommend for me?	10
Can you to help me find some good Rock songs?	10
Could you please help me in finding some songs? There are some really good songs in album The Gaza Don.	10
Hi, can you help me find some songs by Blake Shelton?	10
Can you find me some songs? I like a lot of the songs in the album called El Hombre. My favourite songs are Latin songs.	10
I'm searching for a song, maybe from the Oak Island album	10
find some music for me please.	10
I am looking for Reggae songs and Iakopo 's songs.	10
Can you find me any Westlife songs?	10
I am going to have a party tonight and I love Karolina Protsenko. Can you find me some of their songs?	10
I would like you to find some songs, I would prefer Country songs.	10
I likes Justin Bieber's songs especially from the album Purpose.	10
A good Pop song would really help to improve y mood today	10
I would like some help finding some music.	10
I am looking for some songs to listen to. Could you find me some Shawn Mendes songs?	10
I like Metal songs, can you find me some?	10
Can you find me some Country music? I love it.	10
I'm looking for some good music. My favorites are Electropop songs.	10
Can you find me some good reggae songs from the Forever album?	10
Hi, i need a help, I like listening songs, I like the song in album When Was The Last time by Darius Rucker	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Could you please help me find some songs?	10
Can you find me a song?	10
I'm trying to find some Pop songs.	10
I need some help finding music. I'm into Metalcore and I really the music off of the Black Widow album.	10
I am trying to find some music to listen to. I really like Maty Noyes's music. Could you help me find some of his songs?	10
Could you find me some songs that I will like. Country songs are my favourite, especially those by Kelsea Ballerini.	10
I want to listen to some music off the album Assume Form.	10
Can you find me some songs? From any singer.	10
Find me some songs from album Telling All My Secrets	10
Could you find me some songs? I'd like Pop songs.	10
Can you find a song on the V album?	10
I am a fan of Tyler Shaw and would like to hear one of his songs.	10
Find me some pop songs.	10
Can you find a song from the album Expectations?	10
I would enjoy listening to Pop songs at the moment, so can you help me find some songs?	10
I would really love to listen to some good music.	10
Can you find me some songs. I like the Jonas Brothers's album Happiness Begins.	10
Could you find me some songs like Jason Aldean?	10
I want to hear some songs.	10
Hey, could you help me find some sons similar to music by Rebelution? I especially like their album Count Me In.	10
Can you find me some punk songs?	10
I would like you to find me some Dubstep songs.	10
find me a song in the album beauty marks	10
Can you help me choose some songs from the album Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack?	10
Could you find some good tunes to play.	10
Please play some songs from the album So Good.	10
Could you help me find some pop songs? I really like James Blake's music	10
Can you find me some songs? I really like Pop.	10
I need helping finding some music.	10
Can you find me some great songs on the Cloud Nine album?	10
Can you find me a couple of songs? There a good songs in the album Spectrum.	10
I want to hear some music, maybe from the album Superman?	10
Will you find me Pop songs?	10
Find me some songs like Rock songs	10
I want to sit back, relax, and listen to music on my day off. I like a lot of the songs on the album Bu Muhabbat, especially the songs by Shahzoda.	10
Hello, Wassup! I wish to listen to some good songs by the Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen, probably from his recent album Dedicated that was released on May 17, 2019. Please can you search for some good one to listen? Any songs would be fine from his album.	10
Could you help me look for some songs? I love Agnes Obel.	10
I am in the mood to listen to Jon Bellion.	10
Can you find me some songs by Sia?	10
Could you find me some Pop songs to listen to?	10
Can you find me some songs by Twenty One Pilots?	10
Can you find a Country song?	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Find me any song to listen to.	10
I feel like listening to some music. Could you find me something by Ben Platt?	10
Can you search some nice songs especially country songs for me?	10
I need you to locate me some songs.	10
Could you recommend some Country songs?	10
Can you recommend any songs from the album After The Landslide?	10
Can you look for some music? I really enjoy Pop music.	10
My Everything has some good songs, can you find me some in that album?	10
Can you put some music on while I make food? I usually like Electronica stuff.	10
I want you to find me some songs please	10
I want to hear some music.	10
I am very much fond of Pop songs.Can you look in for some songs for me	10
Do you know any music? I'm not picky about who.	10
Hello! Could you help find me some songs?	10
I need a recommendation for some good Five Finger Death Punch songs to listen to.	10
Can you find me some songs? The album The Martin Garrix Experience has many good songs.	10
Would you search for some songs?	10
Can you play any songs from the album Foundation?	10
I'd like to listen to some new Pop songs. I know there are some in the album The Martin Garrix Experience.	10
Can you find some songs. I like songs in the album My Everything. I enjoy pop songs the most.	10
i like Electropop songs can you help me find some?	10
Could you find me some songs on the album The Gaza Don by Dancehall?	10
Can you find me somme Joe Bonamassa songs?	10
Can you find me some songs that are like Radwimps'?	10
I like Jason Aldean. Find me some songs please.	10
I'm looking for some songs to listen to. Can you find me Pop songs?	10
while doing my household work i like to hear some songs. Will you find me some songs? please find song sung by Joe Bonamassa.	10
I a great lover of music. one of my favourites is Album nine Track Mind, especially songs of Charlie Puth. Could you find something like that for me?	10
Can you search for Sia 's Pop songs?	10
There are many good songs in the album Always In Between. Can you pick some out for me?	10
I enjoy listen to music while i clean the house. Could you find me some songs? I appreciate very much Martin Garrix's songs, especially many songs from The Martin Garrix Experience album.	10
I want to find Three Days Grace's songs.	10
I am in the mood to listen to Rock songs. Could you find me some songs from the album Sex Rock?	10
I'm going on a road trip, Can you find me some Pop songs? I really like the album Climate Change.	10
Can you search for some songs for me and my favorite is Country songs of Jake Owen	10
Could you find me music? I Like La La Land Cast's songs.	10
Can you find me songs like those of Billy Watman?	10
songs are of different types and different varieties. I like to hear some songs. Will you find me some songs ? Please find songs of kind Metal song?	10
I need help finding some good music.	10
I would like you to find me some pop music songs.	10
Well, the next thing we need for the reception is the music. We need some songs that are going to amp up the mood and entertain the guests. I know I can count on you to help me get that together. I like mostly all the songs on the album This Is Acting. Do you have that album?	10
Can you play a Pop song?	10
Can you find Pop songs similar to the Demi album?	10
I would like to listen to a Pop song, can you find one?	10
Hey, could you play me something off Narrated For you.	10
This party could really use some music. Can you find me a Pop song from the album The Bright Side?	10
Can you find me a song? Any genre is fine.	10
Can you list Harris J songs in the album Salam?	10
Could you find me some Pop songs, especially those by Conan Gray?	10
I want to listen to some music.	10
Could you play some music for me? I like Jason Chen. I really like Pop music.	10
Can you search for some Pop songs for me?	10
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, Could you find some songs for me?	10
I need to search for a song, can you find some nice one?	10
Find me some songs	10
Could you play me some music? I like metal music.	10
I want to listen to some music.	10
Could you look for some songs for me?	10
Find me some music please. Any album works.	10
I want to listen to some songs.	10
Can you play me some music? I'm thinking Sabaton tonight.	10
I need some relaxation because of my office work . Will you find me some songs? Will you check songs like Alan Walker songs.	10
I would like to hear some classical music.	10
Would you look for some songs for me?	10
Hi there, could you help me find some songs? Any genre will do.	10
Can you find any songs for me? I really like electropop.	10
Can you find me some country songs?	10
Can you find me some Pop songs?	10
I need help finding some songs.	10
Can you find some songs like Ayo Jay.	10
Could you search for any sort of music for me?	10
Hey, I'm looking for some music. I like Metal music - the album No More Hollywood Endings has a lot of songs I like.	10
I'm in the mood to listen to some music right now. Can you find me something good to listen to?	10
Find some music please.	10
I'd like to hear some Pop music.	10
Can you find some songs for me please?	10
Can you find me some songs by the Red Hot Chili Peppers?	10
Will you find some songs for me?	10
Could you play me some music? I like pop music.	10
I am in a nice mood and I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.	10
I have liking for George Strait songs.Could you please search for some songs for me?	10
I'm looking for some music off the album Expectations.	10
I want to hear some music, any genre.	10
Can you find me a Halsey song?	10
Can you find some songs for me?	10
I'm in the mood to listen to music, can you find me some Folk songs?	10
I would like to listen to some music while I study for my midterm. Can you help with that. Any album is fine.	10
i have many leisure time because i am not going for work today. will you find me some good songs ? please find songs in album camila because it has so many good songs?	10
Hello! Jack here. I wish to hear some good songs. Please can you help me to find a good one?	10
Can you find something I can hear to pass the time?	10
Can you help me find some music?	10
Can you search some rock type of songs for me that I like very much?.	10
I want to listen to some music, can you find me songs from any album?	10
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, Could you find some songs for me? i especially like Pop songs.	10
I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.	10
I am looking for some good songs.	10
I'm in the mood to listen to some music. Can you help me find something to listen to?	10
I need some help finding songs to listen to.	10
Would you look for some songs for me?	10
I would like to listen to some music, can you find me some songs?	10
I am in the mood for some music, can you find me some songs?	10
Can you recommend some songs for me? I enjoy songs by Ariana Grande.	10
Can you find some songs for me?	10
Would you find some songs for me?	10
Could you look up some songs for me?	10
I'm looking for some songs.	10
Could you get me some songs to listen to, I like the album Home State, so maybe from there?	10
I'm looking for songs on the Built On Glass album.	10
I'm looking for some songs to listen to.	10
Would you find me some songs?	10
I want to listen to music. Can you play me some?	10
Hi, could you help me search for some Lady Gaga songs?	10
I want to hear some music. I really like Reggae.	10
I would like to listen to Iggy Azalea 's songs.	10
My friends came to my house they need to hear some songs .Will you find me some songs? I like album To Whom It May Concern ,it consists of many good songs.	10
I want to find some new songs to listen to.	10
Could you look for songs for me?	10
I'm in the mood for music, can you find me some songs?	10
I'm in the mood for some music, can you look for House songs for me?	10
Can you search some songs for me?	10
Please help me find songs from an album Bigger. I 'm not really in a good mood.	10
I like songs by Ghost, could you find me some?	10
I am in a mood to listen to songs like Jai Waetford 's songs. Maybe something in Pop.	10
Hi, could you help to find some songs for me?	10
I want you to search for some songs for me.	10
I am in a nice mood and I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.	10
I'd like to listen to some music. I like the album Forever.	10
Could you help me find some pop songs?	10
I ma looking for some good songs.	10
I am looking for some good music.	10
I'd like to listen to some songs.	10
I'd like to listen to some songs, help me look for some?	10
I'd like to listen to some music, preferably something from the album Undefined put out by Simply Three.	10
Would you find me some Justin Bieber songs?	10
Hi, i need a help, I am interested to listening song, Especially i like Rock songs, Could you find me some songs in album Night Visions?	10
Can you locate some songs by Grimes on the Visions album?	10
I'm looking for songs to listen to. Can you help me find some?	10
Can you find me a country song?	10
Can you find me songs from the Charlie Puth album Voicenotes?	10
Can you help me find some good tunes?	10
I am looking for some songs. I particularly like Pop songs.	10
I want to hear some Country songs.	10
I came to know that a lot of good songs in the album The New Classic, can you find me some nice one by Iggy Azalea?	10
Can you find me songs from the album Unapologetic?	10
Can you find some songs for me? I like pop music best.	10
I'd like to hear some songs.	10
I am searching for new music to listen to, can you find me some songs?	10
I want to listen to some music.	10
Can you find any songs for me please?	10
I'm looking for some Pop songs, help me out.	10
I want to play some Rock songs. Can you find me any?	10
Can you help me with some songs?	10
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, I like Jason Aldean, Could you find some songs for me?	10
I'm feeling a little down today. Can you play some music, maybe that will lift my spirits.	10
I would like to search music please. Let's do Rock, give me a variety.	10
Can you give me a hand finding some music?	10
I'm looking for some songs. I'm a fan of Kolohe Kai.	10
I need help finding some songs. I'm into Meghan Trainor and Pop songs in general.	10
Can you find me some Olly Murs songs from the album You know I know?	10
I'd like to hear some music from Billy Watman off his album Cryptic.	10
Could you play some music for me?	10
Can you find me some music to listen to?	10
I want to find a good Country song to hear.	10
I want to hear some songs by Charlie Puth.	10
I need to find a song for a party. I'd like a song by Major Lazer from '15.	10
I'd like to hear a song. I like songs in the album The Getaway.	10
Can you recommend me a song? I like songs by Frank Ocean.	10
Can you play a Pop song?	10
I would like to search for a song please.	10
I'm looking for a song by Jimmie Allen. Do you have anything from the album Mercury Lane?	10
I would like to listen some nice songs and generally I love to hear Metal type of songs, can you search the one for me?	10
I'd like to find a song in the album Crooked Teeth.	10
I want to hear a song from nine years back.	10
I want to find a song. Could you find me something from '10?	10
I feel like listening to some music.	10
I am looking for a song that could make me happy.	10
Hello, my media player is dead. I wish to hear some good songs from the album Oxford in some portable device. Can you find one and play it?	10
I would like to find a song.	10
I am looking to listen to a good song from any artist.	10
I would like to play a song.	10
I would like to hear a Passenger song.	10
Hello, could you recommend me a nice song to listen to? Thanks!	10
I am in a need to listen some music and I like Pop songs, please search the one for me.	10
I'm looking to listen to some music. Something from the album Badlands maybe?	10
I am looking for a song to listen to.	10
Can you help me find a song?	10
I want to find a song and I especially like rock songs.	10
I'm searching for music.	10
I want to listen to a song.	10
Can you find me country songs by Shailesh Premi?	10
I'd like to find a song, please.	10
Help me find a song to listen to	10
I want to change my mood around so I'm looking for a song.	10
Can you find me a Pop song?	10
I want to find a song.	10
I'm searching for music. That are plenty of wonderful music in the album Dzieciom.	10
I want to hear some nice songs and I need your help.	10
I want to find a song. Maybe something from the album Gravity, it has lots of good songs.	10
Can you songs for me particularly by Hurts.	10
I'm searching for a music.	10
I want to hear some music.	10
I am looking for a song	10
I am searching for a song. Album Loser has so many nice songs.	10
Will you help me find a song one years back from the album Magic?	10
I want to hear some pop music.	10
I want to listen to a song, maybe something by Scotty Sire because I really like his music.	10
I want to hear a song.	10
I'm looking for a song I like by Selena Gomez.	10
Hey! I am so happy today that I feel like listening to some good music. Could you find me one?	10
Can you help me find some music?	10
Can you help me find a song?	10
Hi, I need to find a song for a party. Any kind of music is fine.	10
I want to listen to a good song.	10
I want to listen to some music. Make it Alternative Country songs today.	10
Can you play a song from the album Anesthetic?	10
I need some help finding a song.	10
I want to find a song.	10
Play some music for me. Something by Matt Simons maybe?	10
Find me a metal song from three years back please.	10
I need you to find me a song.	10
I want to find songs by Thousand Foot Krutch.	10
Can you search for some songs?	10
I need to listen to some music to relax. I like all kind of music but mostly songs from Twenty One Pilots.	10
Will you find me a song?	10
I want to listen to a song	10
I'd like to listen to some music from '17.	10
Can you play some music for me as I cook dinner?	10
Could you assist me in looking for interesting activities?	4
Are there any interesting events?	4
Can you find some interesting event on 1st of this month?	4
Anything interesting happening in Toronto, Canada?	4
I have some free time this weekend and I am looking for some interesting events to go to. Can you find me any interesting events I could attend?	4
I am looking to find some interesting events.	4
I am looking for some interesting events to go to. Could you help me with that?	4
Hi, I'm bored. Can you find me some interesting events to go to?	4
Could you find me some events around San Francisco?	4
I'm looking for something to do, can you locate some interesting events for me?	4
Would you help find some interesting events? I want to see events in New York City.	4
I am looking for a fun event to attend. I really like Football and would like to go to something today. Could you help me find an event to go to?	4
Can you help me find something interesting to go to around Atlanta, GA?	4
Can you help me find some events around LAX?	4
Please list interesting local events.	4
I feel like watching some baseball. Can you find a Match around me?	4
I would like to find a fun event.	4
I'm looking for something fun to do. Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
Could you find me an interesting event to go to?	4
Can you find me a good event to go to?	4
I'm looking for a unique experience, can you help?	4
I am getting bored of regular jobs. its high time watched some events, can you help?	4
Can you help me find some events of interest?	4
Please help in finding something interesting events?	4
Locate interesting events please	4
I and my friends are willing to go to events. Could you find some interesting events?	4
I've been bored lately and I need to go to an event. Is there anything happening on March 13th.	4
I'm looking for some fun, interesting Music events to go to.	4
Can you find me some events in San Diego for Saturday this week?	4
Is there anything going on in this town?	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
Hello, can you help me to find some events that I am interested in?	4
Can you help me find some cool events?	4
I want to find some interesting events on Monday next week.	4
Can you help me locate some interesting events around SD?	4
It sure is boring around here. Is anything interesting happening nearby?	4
Hey, can you find me some interesting events around New York? I can go any day.	4
Could you assist me in discovering several interesting events?	4
Would you mind helping me find an event to go to?	4
Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
Can you find me some events I might be interested in?	4
Are there any more cool events I can go to that I'd like?	4
Can you please help me find some different events? I would like something to do on the 14th of March.	4
Hi, i need a help to find some interested events in new york	4
I want to go out. Can you help me find any interesting event around?	4
I want to find some neat events coming up.	4
I am a bit bored, please help find some Interesting events	4
I would be out in Philly on Saturday this week and I am looking for an interesting event to attend.	4
Can you find me some interesting events?	4
I'm trying to find some interesting events.	4
Can you find me an event in New York City	4
Can you show me some events.	4
I am looking for some type of interesting event to attend on Thursday next week.	4
I'm looking for interesting concert events.	4
I'm looking for interesting events around NYC.	4
Hello, Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
Hello, I need help locating interesting events.	4
Can you help me find some interesting events on Tuesday next week?	4
Can you help me find interesting Concert events in NYC?	4
Can you help me find an event on the 14th of this month?	4
Can you search events for Thursday next week?	4
I'm looking for events around New York City.	4
Can you help me look for some interesting events to go to? I really like Match events.	4
Can you help me find an interesting event for the 5th of march?	4
Can you help me search for fun events?2	4
I'm looking for some interesting events to go to, do you have any suggestions?	4
I am trying to find some interesting events. Can you help me find some?	4
Can you help me find interesting events?	4
Will you help me find some events?	4
I am looking for events in SF like Sports events.	4
I am wanting to attend some interesting events. Can you help me find some that are coming up?	4
Can you help me find something to do? I like sports events.	4
I'm looking for some interesting events to go to?	4
Can you find me something cool? I like to watch Match events.	4
I am looking for an event to attend. Can you help me?	4
Please help me find some interesting events on the 6th of this month.	4
I'm looking for some cool events around the Phoenix, AZ area.	4
I'm looking for a cool event to attend. Can you help me?	4
Can you help find some interesting events?	4
is there any concerts or match or entertainments going on?	4
Can you help me me find some Sports events in the San Diego area?	4
I looking for an event on 8th of March	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
Will you help me find Music events?	4
Can you help me searching for events?	4
I would like to treat my friend coming in town to something interesting, like an upcoming event. Would you help me find an interesting event that's coming up soon, please?	4
I would like to find a local event.	4
I would like to go for event could you help me to find something interesting?	4
Will you help me find events in Anaheim, CA?	4
I want to find events in NYC please.	4
I need to find an event.	4
I want you to find me events in New York.	4
Can you find me things to do in Anaheim, CA?	4
I will be visiting New York tonight, please help me search for events I could attend to.	4
I am looking for events for next Thursday.	4
I would like to find performances happening	4
I haven't gone out in a while. Can you see what events are going on right now?	4
I am looking for some events.	4
I'm on vacation and would like help finding events for the 8th of this month.	4
I'm bored. Can you find me something to do?	4
I'm excited today. My cousins just told me on the phone they're coming in town for the holiday. Would you please do me a big favor and help me some events I can take them to in San Francisco?	4
I'm bored, let's search events please.	4
Anything going on in Washington?	4
I would like to find an event.	4
I'd like to search for some events, any date will do.	4
I'm looking for some fun, interesting events to go to. Can you help me find some?	4
I want to see a Rock Concert. Can you find me some upcoming events?	4
Are there any events in the area?	4
I want to find events, games in particular.	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
I am searching for Concert events on the 12th of March.	4
I'm looking for some Music events, specifically Jazz, to go to. Can you help find me some?	4
I would like to search for an event.	4
I'd like to search for events.	4
I am looking for activities; specifically games.	4
I'm bored. Can you search some events?	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
I'm bored. Can you help me find an event?	4
I am interested in attending a Concert. I am open to any type.	4
I need to get out. Find me some events in Philadelphia.	4
I want to look for events.	4
Hi, i need a help, I am interested to find events	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I'm interested in upcoming events, particularly Music related.	4
I've had a long week and need to unwind. Please help me search for events I can attend.	4
I was finally able to get a day off work and would like to do something. Can you look for music events for me?	4
Hello, any Music events coming up shortly?	4
I'm visiting Washington D.C. for a work conference and want to see if there's any events I can attend while I'm there.	4
Can you please help me find events located in LAX?	4
Will you help me find events?	4
I'm looking for evente	4
My boyfriend and I are thinking of attending more events. Could you help me search for some?	4
My best friend and his family are coming to visit and I want to take them out while they are here. Is there a concert playing next Friday?	4
I'm looking for an event to go to soon. Do you have any suggestions?	4
I want to find out about events in New York.	4
I need help looking for an event in LAX on March 4th.	4
I'm looking for an event to attend with some friends.	4
I would like to find an event	4
I am looking for an event.	4
I am interested in events, specifically in Phoenix, AZ.	4
Could you find me an event on March 4th?	4
Can you help me search up some events?	4
I am wanting to go to an event. Could you help me search for an event to go to?	4
I want to attend an event.	4
I'm looking for an event to attend.	4
I want to search for events.	4
Is there anything going on in San Diego?	4
Are there any events on the 14th of March?	4
I would like to look for events, the date does not matter.	4
Please help me search for events.	4
I'm looking for events to go to.	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I would like to find events please.	4
I would like to search for local events.	4
What events are going on?	4
Fine me some events.	4
I'm going out of town for a few days to visit my sister and want to see what events are happening.	4
Want something to do. Find me some events? I have friends coming in from out of town.	4
I want to find events.	4
Please help me search for events in Toronto, Canada.	4
I am looking for a event in Los Angeles. For the 6th of March.	4
I wanna search for events	4
Im looking for sports events.	4
I am looking for events going on in Phoenix, AZ.	4
My Friend and I want to know what events are going on in San Diego.	4
I'd like to search for events.	4
I'm in the mood to attend an interesting event with my friends. Would you help me find an upcoming Music event, please?	4
I'd like to search for events happening in Atlanta, GA.	4
Today, I want to search for some upcoming events. I want to treat my friend who's coming in town. Can you help me with that, please?	4
I want to search for events.	4
Hey, can you search for a Concert around me?	4
I am looking for events, specifically one on the 5th.	4
I need help locating events for Music. Can you help me with that?	4
Can you tell me about events that are occurring around me?	4
Will you find me some events in DC?	4
I need to search for events.	4
What events are on in Seattle, WA?	4
I want to find some upcoming events.	4
I'd like to look for activities. I am searching for activities in NEw York.	4
Please find me the Match scheduled for the 11th.	4
I'm so bored! Is anything interesting happening around here?	4
Can you give me a hand looking for some Sports events to go to?	4
I'd like to search for some events, can you give me a hand?	4
Hi, I would like to find events.	4
Help me find some events.	4
I'm so bored right now. Find some events around me.	4
I would like to find an event in Chicago.	4
Can you find me some events?	4
My friends told me I need to get out more. Can you find me some events in Vancouver?	4
Can you find some games events for me?	4
Help me find a cool event that I'd like	4
Can you search for events?	4
Please help me find an event.	4
Can you help me locate some events?	4
I want to find events?	4
I'd like to search for events in ATL.	4
Hey, I want to go out. Search for some Music events.	4
I'm looking for some events.	4
Im looking for an event	4
What events are on?	4
I want to look for events. Can you help me?	4
I would like to search for events.	4
I like to go to some events, can you search for some nice events?	4
I want to find events on the 6th of this month.	4
I'm going on a date with a friend and need to find something to do! Can you look up what events are going on?	4
Can you find me some events?	4
I would like to find an event to attend. Please search for an event the day after tomorrow.	4
I'd like to go to a Concert.	4
I'll be in LAX for the next two weeks, and I'm looking for events to attend. Could you please help me find some?	4
I want to search for events, specifically on the 11th of March.	4
I want to look at some events, any ideas?	4
I'm looking things to do in San Diego, like a Concert.	4
I'm interested in finding events in Philly.	4
I am meeting up with some friends and I want to search for events to attend.	4
Excuse me! Hello! do you have time to search a good event for me?	4
I want to see some live music, can you look at various dates for a concert I might like to see?	4
It's been a while since I attended any game. Please help me find Match events.	4
I'd like to find something to do. I'm interested in some sort of event.	4
Please help me search for events.	4
I want to find events in Washington.	4
I am looking for an event which may be Concert, can you help me to find a good one?	4
Can you help me find some events?	4
I want to do something in Los Angeles, is there any interesting event happening?	4
Lets search some events together shall we?	4
I need help searching for events.	4
I would like to search for some events?	4
Hello, Good afternoon. Is there any events coming up on 9th of this month? I am looking for one.	4
I'm going to Seattle, can you look at events for me?	4
I am looking for something to do soon in the Washington D.C. area with some friends that are coming from out of town.	4
Hi, I am going to be visiting New York City for a work meeting and am looking for something to do in the evening, possible a concert.	4
I would like to look for events in Seattle. I'm interested in Games.	4
I was looking for a event scheduled for 14th of this month.	4
I'm bored and I need something to do this weekend. Can you help me search for events?	4
I want to search for Concert.	4
I want to find events.	4
I am looking for an event, particularly a Concert.	4
I'd like to look for events, please.	4
I am looking for an event, can you help me to find a good one?	4
I'm looking for events for the 10th of March.	4
I want some information on events in Portland, OR.	4
I am looking for some events.	4
I am looking for Sports events of any category.	4
I am interested in an event, specifically a concert.	4
Can you search for an event?	4
I'd like to find events.	4
I want to find events scheduled for March 1st.	4
Help me find some events.	4
I want you to find me some events.	4
I am looking for events.	4
Find me some events.	4
I've got a date coming up on the 9th of this month. Can you help me search for events?	4
I'm looking for interesting events.	4
Find some events for me. Me and the old lady need to get out more.	4
I'm looking for something to do with a friend. Can you look up some events for me?	4
Hello, I'm looking for match events in Toronto, Ontario.	4
I want to search for events.	4
I need some refreshment among all my normal routine work. will you find me some events around in and i want it on the 7th.	4
I'm looking for some events.	4
Hi, i need a help, i want to search for events	4
I'd like to look for events.	4
I'm interested in finding an event	4
I've been stuck in the house all week and want to go out and do something. What events are going on right now?	4
I want to search for events	4
I am looking for events.	4
I want to find events. I'm looking for Games	4
I'm interested in going to an event. Please help me find one.	4
Can you assist me in finding a Concert event?	4
I was hoping to search for some events for the 9th of this month. I am looking for a Match.	4
Can you help me find events?	4
Can you help me search for upcoming events?	4
I am looking for a music event.	4
I would like to look for some events.	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
Can you help me search for events?	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I wish to look for events.	4
I want to find some upcoming events.	4
I am searching for events in Atlanta.	4
I'd like to look for events.	4
Can you find me events?	4
Hey, can you help me search for some events?	4
I want to go to an event on the 1st of this month.	4
Hello! We will be on vacation for a week. So, we are looking out for some good events for relaxation. Please can you find me some good events?	4
I'd like to find events in Portland, OR.	4
Can you search events in Chicago on the 3rd of this month?	4
I need to know what Games are coming up.	4
Can you help me searching for events?	4
I'm looking for a match, can you find some?	4
I'm looking for an event on 14th of this month.	4
I would like to find a Games in Atlanta, GA	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I want to find a match in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I am looking for an event which may be Concert, can you help me to find a good one?	4
Can you help me find a music event?	4
Hi! I'd like to search for events.	4
Hi, i need a help, i am interested in events,I want to search for events	4
I need to find some events.	4
I would like to know about some events, can you search for me?	4
Hey, can you search some events?	4
I am looking for events, please.	4
I want to do something fun. What events are available.	4
I would like to find an event for this Saturday.	4
Can you find me some events?	4
I want to see an event in SD.	4
I am looking for an event for the 1st of this month.	4
I'm looking for events.	4
Can you help me find an event that's going on?	4
I want to find the events happening March 12th.	4
I would like to find San Fran events.	4
I would like to find an event?	4
I need to reach for events	4
Hey! I am looking at some events in internet, but couldn't find any good one. Please can you help me to find some good events taking place shortly.	4
I'm looking for an event to go to.	4
I'm looking for events today	4
I would like to search for upcoming events.	4
I'm bored and looking for something to do. Can you find me events in Phoenix, AZ?	4
I want to get out more. I need help searching for events.	4
I'd like to look for activities, preferably one starting on Sunday this week.	4
Find me an event on the 5th of this month.	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I'm looking for a Match on the 2nd of March, can you help me out?	4
I'm looking to go to an event in Atlanta, GA. Can you help me find some?	4
I'd like to do a search for events.	4
Hey, there. I'd like to find a sports match. Can you help with that?	4
I would like to search for any events happening on the 9th.	4
I'd like to find pop music events.	4
I want to look for something to do.	4
What events are on?	4
I am looking for an event on March 5th.	4
What events are going on?	4
I'm looking for Music events.	4
Im looking for some events like Concert	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
Search upcoming events please.	4
I would like to hear some local events.	4
I would like to have some fun so I want to look for some events.	4
I am interested in an event involving music.	4
I'mm looking for something to do and would like you to find me some events.	4
Hi, i need a help for search events?	4
I'd like to look for activities, specifically in Yountville.	4
I want to find something new and exciting to do, I don't care when. Find me some cool events!	4
I would like to find an event.	4
I'm looking to go to an event, can you please help me find some?	4
I am bored, I am looking for some interesting event to go to.	4
I'd like to find an event.	4
Help me find some events I could go to	4
Hello, I would like to search for events.	4
I just moved to town and need some help finding local events.	4
I'm looking for something to do.	4
I need to find some events.	4
I'd like to look for a concert.	4
I am looking for events.	4
I wish to find for events on 11th of this month.	4
Hi, I'd like to find some events.	4
I want to look for events, maybe a good match to attend!	4
I would like to find events for Match	4
Can you help me search for some upcoming events?	4
Search some events for me.	4
I'm looking for events.	4
I would like to search for events.	4
I need to search for events.	4
Please look for events.	4
I have time off work soon and want to look for events to go to.	4
I want to search for events.	4
I am new to this city. Where can I find a list of events?	4
I'm looking for events in New York City on March 11th.	4
I am looking for events, especially Music events.	4
I want to search for music events.	4
I'd like to search for events.	4
I want to take my girlfriend on a date to a concert. Do you have any suggestions?	4
I want to look for events in Phoenix.	4
I'm looking for something to do.	4
I'm looking for events.	4
Let me search for things to do.	4
I would like to find some events.	4
I wanna search for something to do.	4
What are the events for tomorrow?	4
I would like to find Music events.	4
I want to look for events.	4
I am looking for sports events in Oakland.	4
I want to search for events in Philadelphia. I'd like to go to a concert.	4
I need to look for events.	4
Going to be in Los Angeles for vacation. I'm looking for something to do while I'm there.	4
I would like to search for events.	4
I'm looking for Music events.	4
I want to search for some events in SD. I am interested in Music.	4
I want to search for events happening in NYC.	4
Is there an event on the 12th?	4
Hello, I have some friends visiting and am wondering if there are any interesting events to take them to.	4
Can you help me look for events to go to?	4
Could you assist me in searching for interesting activities?	4
Could you find me some cool events?	4
Hello, can you help me find some interesting events?	4
I am looking for some events to go to on Wednesday next week. I want to have fun!	4
I would like enjoy some games.Are there any such event?	4
Can you help me find interesting events on the 13th of this month?	4
I want to find some cool events.	4
I'm looking to go to a football match	4
Can you help me find an event?	4
I want to find interesting events around New York City.	4
I would like to find some interesting music events. I really like hip hop. Can you help me?	4
Find interesting events happening around Seattle, WA please.	4
I am looking for some interesting events?	4
I'm looking for some events to go to.	4
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in events, Could you find some events for me?	4
I'm looking for interesting events to go to in SF.	4
Can you find me an event I can go to?	4
I want to have some fun so I need you to help me find some interesting events. I usually enjoy the Sports events and I am looking for events that take place in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do.	4
I've got some friends visiting from out of town this week and I need somewhere to take them. Can you help me find some interesting events going on?	4
I'm interested in attending events, especially Games. Can you find me some options?	4
Would you look for some fun events?	4
Hi, I need something fun to do. Can you look for events in Phoenix, AZ?	4
I'm looking for something to do, like attending an event, help me out?	4
Can you find some interesting concert events?	4
I'm looking for interesting events to go to.	4
I am in Toronto and I would like to find events to participate to. Can you help me find some interesting events please?	4
I'm looking for interesting events.	4
I am looking for events in Anaheim, CA.	4
I'm looking for some events to go to, can you help me?	4
Will you help me find some events that are interesting.	4
I'm looking for something to do. What are some good events happening?	4
Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
Could you show me some interesting events?	4
I'm looking for an interesting event.	4
I am looking for some interesting events.	4
Can you help me find Sports events around Anaheim?	4
Can you find me events like Match events?	4
Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
Would you mind helping me search for some interesting events? I fancy Match events.	4
I am looking for some interesting events.	4
Can you help me find some interesting events near me?	4
Can you help me find an event to go to?	4
I'm loooking for events around Portland, OR can you help me?	4
Would you help me find some cool events?	4
Can you find some interesting events for me?	4
What events are happening this weekend?	4
i am looking for events around stanford.	4
Help me to find some interesting events?	4
Hello! I'm looking to do something exciting and new. Can you help me find some interesting events around SD?	4
Would you help me find cool events in Portland, OR?	4
I would like to go to an interesting event on the 11th of this month.	4
Can you help me find interesting events?	4
I'm looking for any Games coming up in the District of Columbia. Would you assist me in finding one please?	4
I want to see a good concert.	4
Can you find some interesting Music events?	4
I am looking for some interesting events to attend.	4
I am meeting with a friend later to hang out. Can you find some cool places to nearby?	4
Are there any interesting events happening out there?	4
Can you assist me in finding some interesting events around New York?	4
Can you help me find interesting events around Phoenix?	4
Can you check to see if any occurrences of interest are nearby?	4
Can you help me find interesting events such as American Football or other Match events?	4
Can you please help me find events like games?	4
Can you help me find some interesting events?	4
I really like Baseball, please find me some interesting events.	4
I have vacation days coming up, and I am looking for interesting events to attend. Could you please find me something on the 7th?	4
Help me find Music events around New York.	4
Hello. Can you help me find some interesting events to do today?	4
I am looking for some interesting events, can you help me?	4
Hi I have a friend visiting and I'm looking for some interesting events around NYC, can you help me?	4
I want to find Music events.	4
I'm looking for an event.	4
I wish to find for events.	4
I'd like to search for an event, any date will do.	4
I want to go to an event	4
I'm looking for some Music events in Philly, do you know of anything?	4
I'm looking for something to do. I want to find some events. I am specifically interested in Games. I am looking for those in Sacramento, CA.	4
I want to look for events.	4
I'd like to find a Music event on Sunday this week.	4
I'm keen to head out. What events are on?	4
I would like to search for some events.	4
I want to search for sports events.	4
Do you know of any events, I'd like to look for some.	4
I am searching for events in New York city. Can you help me with that?	4
Can you search for Concert events?	4
I haven't had much time for myself lately so I would like to look for an event to attend for fun soon.	4
I want to scan for events.	4
I am traveling to Phoenix and am looking for events in the area.	4
I'm looking to go to a Concert Saturday this week. Is anyone good playing?	4
Can you help me find some events?	4
You can help me to search events?I would like Games.	4
I want to find an event to go to.	4
Can you scan for events?	4
I would like to search for some events.	4
I would like to find an event in New York City.	4
I want to check out events.	4
Can you find events on the 6th of this month?	4
Please search for events.	4
I'd like to go to a music event next friday. Could you help me?	4
I'd like to find something to do. Can you search events for me?	4
I'm searching for sports events.	4
I'd like to look for some events.	4
I want make this week special. Are there any events matching?	4
I wish to search for events. I am searching for Match.	4
I want to take my family to events in Sacramento.	4
I'd like you to search for Sports events. I particularly like Football.	4
I would like to find events.	4
I am trying to find any upcoming Games.	4
Please search some events for me.	4
I am looking to attend some events.	4
I want to find Concert events.	4
Hello, I would like to search for an event.	4
I want to attend an event.	4
I need a search for current events to go to.	4
I want to find events in Chicago.	4
I am looking for upcoming events.	4
My schedule is free today and I plan to go to an event in Seattle, WA. I want to look for events in that area.	4
I want to go out and do something.	4
Can you find some events that are happening on the 8th of March?	4
Hello, I'm looking for some events. Can you help me?	4
Life is boring, i wish to attend any events. Do you find me any events going to happen near by?	4
What events are going on around me?	4
I'm interested in events.	4
I'm looking for some events to attend.	4
I need to find out some events.	4
I would like to find an event.	4
What events are coming up?	4
I want to search for a sports event.	4
I want to go for some event.	4
I would like to search for some events to go to.	4
I am looking for events.	4
I would like to participate in some event, i prefer Sports.	4
I am looking for some sports events on March 9th.	4
I want to search for events that are happening on the 3rd.	4
I need help looking for events.	4
I'm looking for things to do, like events, help me out please.	4
I'm looking for event Games.	4
I would like to search for events. I am searching for Sports. I am searching for events in New York City.	4
I like to search for events, please.	4
I am searching for events like games.	4
I'm searching for some events.	4
Hey, I'd like to go to a sports game on the 7th. Is there anything available?	4
Can you show me some movie listings?	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
Find me a movie	9
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?	9
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.	9
Hey, I would like to watch a movie.	9
I want to go to the cinema.	9
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.	9
I want to find a movie to wathc	9
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?	9
I want to watch a movie, where is the best place to watch?	9
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.	9
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.	9
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?	9
I feel like seeing a movie.	9
I am meeting up with a friend and we want to watch a good movie. Do you have any suggestions?	9
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?	9
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.	9
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.	9
Hi, there! Can you help me find a movie?	9
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?	9
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.	9
I am looking for a movie that I can enjoy tonight.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.	9
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.	9
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I al looking for a movie to watch.	9
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.	9
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.	9
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?	9
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?	9
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama	9
Please find me a movie at a theatre.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City	9
I ant to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie	9
I'm bored, I think I want to watch something. Can you find me a good movie?	9
I would like to see a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?	9
Hey! I wish to go to the movies this weekend? Can you find me some good one to watch?	9
I feel, I need to watch a movie now to relax, can you help me in this?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?	9
I'd like to watch a movie.	9
I feel like watching a movie.	9
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.	9
I want to find a movie to watch	9
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station	9
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?	9
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?	9
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?	9
Im looking for a movie.	9
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?	9
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.	9
I am looking for a movie.	9
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?	9
I am planning to watch a movie. Can you help me find some?	9
I am looking for movie tickets.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
A movie will help me overcome the monotonous of the day. Is there any good movie?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre	9
I'd like to catch a movie.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
I'd like to see a movie, can you find me one?	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
Find me a theater to go see a movie	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.	9
Can you search a comic movie for me?	9
I would like to watch a horror movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to see.	9
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.	9
I'm going out with a friend today and I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to find a movie to watch.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.	9
Can you find me a movie?	9
The Redwood City	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
Where do I find a movie to watch?	9
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.	9
I wish to search for a movie.	9
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?	9
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.	9
I really want to watch a movie.	9
Find me a movie to watch,please!	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I'm interested in watching a movie soon.	9
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?	9
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.	9
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.	9
I want to go out to watch a movie, please help me find a good one.	9
I am looking for a movie.	9
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?	9
I want to watch a movie in SF	9
I need to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to find a movie to watch	9
I am bored and would like to see a movie.	9
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?	9
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.	9
I'd like to watch a movie, can you find a showing for me?	9
Look for a movie for me to watch.	9
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I am meeting a friend later and we are planning to watch a movie. Can you find movies nearby?	9
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?	9
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.	9
I would like to search for a movie to watch.	9
Find me a regular movie to watch.	9
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.	9
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?	9
I am looking for a movie to watch.	9
I have got two day leave jointly , i wish to watch a move. Will you find a movie to watch?	9
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?	9
I interested in watching a movie, can you give me a suggestion?	9
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.	9
Find a movie for me please.	9
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?	9
Please help me find a movie to watch.	9
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?	9
Can you find me a funny movie to watch?	9
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?	9
I want to watch a movie at the theater.	9
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.	9
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.	9
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.	9
I think a movie will relax me. can you help?	9
I would like to find a movie.	9
I would like to see a movie.	9
I want to go out to a movie.	9
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?	9
I want to watch a movie in Union City.	9
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.	9
I'm interested in finding a good movie to watch.	9
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action	9
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.	9
I wanna go to the cinema.	9
I want to see a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street	9
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I want to find a movie to watch	9
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.	9
I have not gone to see a movie in a while. I would like to go see one. Can you tell me what is playing?	9
I am trying to find an interesting movie to watch later.	9
Hey there, I want to see a movie.	9
My husband and I are going out tonight and would like to know of a good movie to watch.	9
Please find me a movie to watch.	9
Hey, I'm looking for a movie.	9
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.	9
I would like to watch a 3d movie.	9
Can you help me find a good movie please?	9
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?	9
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.	9
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.	9
I need to find a movie to watch.	9
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me some good movies to watch.	9
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?	9
Give me a 3d show.	9
Hey, can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I want a recommendation on a movie to watch.	9
I am looking for something to do tonight and would like to find a movie that I can watch.	9
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?	9
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.	9
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I need help finding a movie to watch.	9
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.	9
I'm looking for a movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.	9
I would love to watch a movie right now. What's playing right now?	9
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas	9
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.	9
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?	9
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.	9
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?	9
I am looking for something to see in the movies. What is there in theaters?	9
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?	9
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.	9
I want to find a movie to watch	9
I need to find a movie to watch.	9
Can you help me find a Comic movie?	9
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.	9
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.	9
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?	9
I'm so bored. I want to get out of the house, maybe see a movie.	9
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.	9
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies	9
Will you help me find a movie?	9
I'd like to find a movie to see.	9
I want to go to a movie. What's playing?	9
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie please	9
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.	9
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.	9
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?	9
I want to go see a movie.	9
Look for movies shown in Martinez	9
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.	9
I have just finished my business meeting and have free time on my hands. Could you please help me find a movie to watch?	9
I want to find a 3d movie.	9
I am looking for a movie I can watch.	9
Hi! Can you help me find a movie?	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?	9
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?	9
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?	9
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.	9
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.	9
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?	9
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work	9
I feel like watching a movie.	9
I'm planning on seeing a movie, I don't know what to watch.	9
I'm interested in watching a movie.	9
I'm looking to watch a movie.	9
I want to see a film.	9
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.	9
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?	9
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?	9
Hey, I'd like to watch a movie, can you help me?	9
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.	9
I want to go out and see a movie, can you find a good one for me?	9
Can you help me to find a movie to watch?	9
I want all kinds of movies	9
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?	9
I want a 3d movie to watch.	9
I'd like to watch a movie.	9
I want to find a movie to watch?	9
Can you recommend a movie for me to see?	9
I'm looking for a good movie.	9
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?	9
Find movies to watch please.	9
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.	9
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?	9
Can you find me a movie to see?	9
I am in a mood to watch some movie.	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
Hey, can you help me find a movie theater?	9
I am looking for a movie.	9
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.	9
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.	9
I wanna see movies to watch	9
I'd like to search for a fun film to watch.	9
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?	9
I want to see a movie.	9
Hi there, could you help me find a nice movie to watch?	9
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado	9
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies	9
I'd like to purchase some event tickets.	4
I'd like to reserve some event tickets	4
I want tickets to the Whitecaps Vs Kansas City game.	4
I need 2 tickets please.	4
I want to go to an event on the 13th, can you help reserve tickets?	4
Can I book some tickets?	4
I want to reserve 2 tickets to a Chris Botti event.	4
I want to reserve some tickets.	4
I want to reserve 1 ticket for an event.	4
I want to reserve two tickets for a Billy Idol event.	4
I would like to reserve some tickets to an event.	4
Can you help me reserve tickets for an event?	4
I'm planning a trip to SF with 3 friends and want to book tickets to an event	4
Get me some tickets right away please.	4
I'd like to reserve tickets for an event.	4
Hi. I'd like to reserve some tickets to an event.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
Can you help me reserve tickets for an event?	4
I want to get tickets for the Mets Vs Rockies.	4
Hello, I'd like to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I want to reserve tickets at an event.	4
There is an event coming up that I'd like to reserve tickets for.	4
I need to book tickets for an event	4
I'd like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I need to reserve a ticket to an event.	4
I need to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I would like to reserve event tickets.	4
I would like to reserve some tickets for an event. I would like to book something for 4th of March.	4
I will need two tickets to reserve for an event.	4
I would like to book tickets to an event.	4
I'd like two tickets to the Panthers Vs Jaguars.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to events around New York City.	4
I'd like help with reserving tickets to an event in New York. I'm looking for something to do on the 14th of this month.	4
I wish to book a ticket for the event Owls Vs Tigers.	4
I'm planning on going to an event on 3rd of March, could you find me something?	4
I'd like to reserve tickets for Giants vs Brewers	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I would like to reserve event tickets in the Phoenix area.	4
I'd like to reserve some tickets for an event.	4
I would like to reserve a set of tickets for the concert.	4
I want to attend an event?	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event near Seattle.	4
I want to book tickets for an event.	4
I am interested in reserving 2 tickets for an event around NY.	4
I'd like to reserve 1 ticket for an event.	4
I would like to book a ticket for the Zz Top event	4
I want to reserve three tickets to an event.	4
I want to get tickets to Mariners Vs Angels.	4
I'd like to get some tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
Can you help me reserve tickets to an event?	4
I wish to book tickets for an event.	4
I'd like tickets to an event. Can you help?	4
I would like to reserve event tickets around Phoenix.	4
I'm looking to book tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to reserve one event ticket to an event in new york	4
I want to reserve tickets for the Atlanta Summer Organ Festival on the 13th.	4
I would like to make reservation of an event.	4
Could you reserve some event tickets for me?	4
Can you get me event tickets?	4
I want to get some event tickets.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event in Vancouver.	4
I want to buy tickets to see Laura Osnes	4
I want to go to an event on the 1st of March	4
I want to go out, what events still have tickets left?	4
I will be in New York on the 2nd of March, so I would like tickets for an event.	4
Hi, I'd like to have fun this weekend. I would like to book tickets for an event.	4
I need to buy some tickets to an event	4
I am interested in purchasing tickets for an event.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I want to get some tickets to an event next Monday. I want two tickets.	4
I'd like to buy 2 tickets for an event in London, UK.	4
I need some tickets to an event, can you help?	4
I want to buy a ticket just for one person for an event on 7th of March.	4
I'd like to get tickets to an event.	4
I am looking for events in Atlanta and I want to buy tickets.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event, you can help me?	4
I am meeting some friends and would like to buy some tickets to an event.	4
I need to enjoy my week end by going to an event. I heard that Owls Vs Yellow Jackets is very nice and good . I Like to go for that event . Will you find me that events in Philadelphia.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for a show	4
Hi I'm bored and would like to go to an event in Vancouver, BC.	4
Can you help me find event tickets?	4
I need to buy 4 tickets for an event on the 12th.	4
I'm looking to buy event tickets.	4
I heard Owls Vs Huskies is good, I would like to buy tickets to that event.	4
I want to buy a ticket for an event.	4
My friends and I have just submitted our final projects and would like to do something fun for a change. Please help me buy us tickets to an event.	4
I'm interested in going to an event. I heard some good things about the Beach Boys. I want events in Vancouver, BC.	4
I need tickets for an event.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event on March 7th	4
I'm looking to buy some tickets to an event.	4
I would like to buy some tickets. I heard that Falcons Vs Jaguars is supposed to be a good game.	4
My parents are coming into town and I would like to take them out. I'm looking for some kind of an event to take them to.	4
hi, i need a help, i want to buy tickets to an event	4
I want to buy tickets to an event.	4
I am planning to watch an event. Can you help me buy a ticket?	4
I am looking to buy tickets for an event. Can you help me find these tickets?	4
I'm looking for tickets to a Diamondbacks Vs Brewers game in Phoenix, Az. Could you help me purchase them?	4
Me and my friends want to visit some event on the 6th of March. Can You get me 3 tickets?	4
I would like to buy 1 ticket for the 1st of this month.	4
I want to enjoy some event. Shall I get ticket.	4
I would like to purchase event tickets.	4
I want to get 4 tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to buy event tickets.	4
I want to buy event tickets.	4
I need tickets for the Phillies Vs Mets event. I want to go on the 11th.	4
I need two tickets to an event.	4
I wish to buy tickets for an event.	4
I heard that Jordan Rakei is going to be at an event soon. I want tickets to that event if possible.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to buy tickets for an event, please.	4
I'm looking to buy some event tickets.	4
I would like 2 tickets to an event.	4
I'm looking for 2 tickets to an event.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event on the 9th of March.	4
Can you find me one-way Economy class flight tickets on Delta Airlines?	5
I need to travel in Economy class in a one-way flight? Can you find the one for me?	5
Can you find me some one-way flights leaving this Sunday?	5
I have a trip which will be happening soon. Would it be possible for you to help me with finding an one way flight?	5
I want an urgent flight. can your look for one-way flights?	5
I need a one-way flight, can you locate one for me?	5
I'm taking a trip soon and want a one way flight. Departure date is the 12th and would like to go on Delta Airlines.	5
I need some help regarding an upcoming trip that starts on the 5th of March. Can you find a one-way flight for me?	5
Can you find me a oneway flight for my trip coming up for one person?	5
Can you find me oneway flights for my upcoming trip?	5
I need a oneway flight.	5
I have a trip and I need a one way flight.	5
I need oneway flights for a trip from Vancouver	5
Find me a one way flight for my trip.	5
I have a vacation on the way, can you find me a one way flight? Departing from SF.	5
I have a trip coming up and I will need a one way flight.	5
Can you help me find oneway flights for my upcoming trip?	5
Could ypu find me oneway flights for a trip I have, leaving on march 1st?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me oneway flights?	5
I have a trip coming up and I need oneway flights.	5
I would like a one way Economy flight for a trip coming up.	5
I need to find a one-way flight for a trip that I am about to take.	5
I'm going on a trip soon. Can you get me a one-way flight which leaves from Phoenix?	5
I am looking for a one way Economy trip for an upcoming flight.	5
I am looking for a oneway flight for my trip coming up in the near future.	5
I have an upcoming trip, are there any one way flights available?	5
I'm looking for oneway flights.	5
I am going on a trip soon. Can you help me find a flight there?	5
I've got a trip coming up so can you help me book a oneway ticket? I'm leaving on the 6th of this month.	5
Hey, can you help me find a flight. I am going a trip soon.	5
I am planning for a trip. Can you get details about oneway flights?	5
I am planning a trip in the future. Can you help me find oneway flights to Paris?	5
Can you find me oneway flights?	5
I am looking for a one way flight leaving from SD as I have a one way flight.	5
I want to take a trip soon. Can you find me a oneway flight to Ciudad de Mexico? I want to sit in economy.	5
I want to go on a trip. Can you find me one-way flights? I have four people in my group.	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me one way flights on Air Canada?	5
Can you search for a one way flight for the up coming trip I have?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you discover me oneway flights? There are 3 individuals in my gather. I am traveling to Delhi, India.	5
Can you find me a one way flight for my upcoming trip?	5
I'm going on a trip and would like a one way flight from Atlanta, GA.	5
Can you please find a one way flight leaving from Philly?	5
I have to go on a trip to SD. Can you please find me one-way flights for March 10th?	5
Hi, I have an upcoming trip where I will be travelling on the 12th of March. Can you help me find oneway flights?	5
There's a trip coming up soon for me. Could you look for oneway flights for me?	5
I will be traveling soon. Show me any available one way flights.	5
I need to book a oneway flight in Economy.	5
I have a trip coming up, could you find me one way flights?	5
Can you help me find oneway flights for an upcoming trip?	5
Can you help with finding me oneway flights?	5
I will be moving soon and I need to find a one way flight.	5
I need a one way flight to LAX on any airline.	5
I wanna find a one way flight.	5
I will be taking a one way flight so I would like to have one ticket.	5
Hi! I need to book a one-way flight, please.	5
Can you find me a one way flight?	5
Find me a one way flight departing from Toronto, Ontario.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight from Las Vegas.	5
I want to find a one way flight for 1 ticket.	5
Can you find some one way flights to NYC?	5
I want to find a one way flight.	5
I would like to find a one way flight. I am interested in flights from Vegas.	5
I need to find a one way flight.	5
I want to book 2 tickets for a one way flight.	5
I want to find a one way flight.	5
Hello. I'd like to find a one way flight, please.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for one way flights from Las Vegas.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight on Southwest Airlines in Premium economy class.	5
I need a one-way plane ticket.	5
I need a one way flight that leaves on the 2nd of this month.	5
I need an Economy class ticket for a one way flight.	5
I'd like a one way flight.	5
I want to search a one way flight. I want to travel on March 4th. I want to book one ticket.	5
I am taking a trip soon and I would like to find a one way flight.	5
I want to find a one way flight.	5
I want to find a one way flight.	5
I'd like to buy a one-way flight.	5
I want a one way flight to discover.	5
I want 2 tickets for a one way flight.	5
I would like a one way flight.	5
Please book me a one way flight from Vancouver.	5
Find me a one way flight.	5
Whether i could get 4 flight tickets?	5
Im looking for a one way flight.	5
I am going to France but I need a one way flight.Can you please find me economy class tickets?	5
I'd like a one way economy class ticket flight.	5
I need to find a one-way flight.	5
I'm going to go on a business trip and need a one way flight.	5
I'd like to locate a one way flight to Toronto, Ontario.	5
Can you please get me a one way plane ticket?	5
I need a one way flight, preferably an Economy class ticket for the 3rd of March, please.	5
I need a one way flight	5
Where can I find a one way flight?	5
I want to fly one way from Vegas on the 7th of March, can you help me find flights?	5
I planning a trip and I only want a one way flight.	5
can you find me a one way flight?	5
I want a one way flight departing from San Francisco.	5
I need 4 tickets for a one way flight.	5
I want a one way flight to travel.	5
I would like to find a one way flight.	5
Can you look for a one way flight?	5
I would like to find a one way flight please.	5
I want to find a one way flight	5
Can you get me a one way flight?	5
I want to find a one way flight to San Francisco in Economy class.	5
I need to travel to Seattle, WA on Thursday next week.	5
Hello, I am wanting to book a one way flight.	5
I am looking for a one way flight that leaves later today.	5
I want to find a one way flight.	5
I want to find a one way flight	5
I want to buy a one-way flight ticket, can you help?	5
Could you help me purchase a one-way flight ticket?	5
Can you find me a one-way flight ticket through United Airlines?	5
Can you assist me in purchasing a one-way flight ticket departing on 5th of March?	5
I need a ticket for a one-way flight	5
I am leaving the country soon. Can you help me a one way ticket for the 12th of this month?	5
I'm looking to buy a one-way flight ticket on Delta Airlines. Can you help me?	5
We are a group of 3 who want to travel as soon as possible. Please help me to book a oneway ticket	5
Can you help me purchase a one way flight ticket? I would like to do some traveling.	5
I need a flight from Las Vegas	5
I am about to go on a trip and would like to buy a oneway ticket.	5
Can you help me buy a one way flight ticket?	5
Soon I will be travelling. Can you please assist me in buying a oneway flight ticket?	5
I want to travel. Can you help me find a one-way flight ticket?	5
I want to go traveling soon. Can you help me buy a oneway flight ticket?	5
I am traveling to Chicago soon. Can you please assist me in booking a one-way flight ticket?	5
Soon, I will be travelling. I would like you to please assist me in buying a oneway flight ticket. There are total of one people in my group.	5
Can you help me buy a one way flight ticket to Sydney, Australia?	5
Hey, I'm in Los Angeles and I need help booking a one-way flight. If you can I would prefer Southwest Airlines.	5
I feel like going somewhere soon. Can you help me buy a oneway flight ticket for four people?	5
I feel like traveling soon. Can you help me by a one way ticket to London?	5
I would like to travel. Can you help me buy a one way plane ticket on the 11th of March?	5
I want to travel soon. Can you help me buy a one way ticket?	5
I want to travel soon, can you help me buy a one-way ticket?	5
I'd like to book a one-way flight.	5
Can you assist me in buying a one way flight ticket? I feel like traveling soon.	5
Hello. Can you please help me in purchasing a one way flight?	5
I would like to travel soon. Can you assist me with buying a one way flight ticket?	5
I want to travel soon. Maybe next Friday. Find me a one way ticket	5
I'm going to travel soon, and I need a ticket for a one way flight from Phoenix.	5
Can you find me a oneway Delta Airlines flight ticket?	5
I'd like to book a one-way flight.	5
Can I get a flight ticket to ATL leaving soon?	5
I am taking a trip soon. Can you help me buy a one way flight ticket?	5
I would like to travel sometime soon. Can you assist me with buying a ticket for a one way flight?	5
Hello! I am looking to travel with Delta airlines. Can you help me find a oneway ticket?	5
I am in a mood for holiday and want you to buy me a oneway flight ticket from Vancouver.	5
I'd like to take a trip soon and I need your help buying a one way plane ticket.	5
I want to travel soon. Can you help me buy a oneway flight?	5
I want a oneway flight ticket to Seattle, WA. Can you please help me?	5
I'm feeling up to doing some travel soon. Can you help me purchase a one-way flight ticket, ideally from Delta Airlines?	5
I want to take a trip, can you help me to purchase a ticket for a one way flight?	5
I feel like travelling soon, can you help me get a one way ticket?	5
I will be traveling soon and I'll need 2 one way flight tickets, Economy class.	5
I would like a one way from to NY please.	5
We, two of us would be leaving from SFO. Please can you help me in buying a one way flight ticket?	5
I'm in the mood to travel. Do you know a good place i can buy a oneway ticket?	5
I'm feeling up to doing some traveling. Can you help me get a one-way flight ticket to Paris, France?	5
I'm looking to go on vacation soon. Could you help me buy a one-way flight ticket?	5
You can help me to buy a flight ticket?	5
I'm in the mood to travel pretty soon. Can you help me to find a ticket to buy for a oneway flight?	5
I am planning to travel soon. I would like some help buying a one way flight ticket.	5
Can you assist me in buying a one way ticket? I prefer Alaska Airlines.	5
I want to travel somewhere. Can you help me find a one-way flight ticket?	5
I feel like going on a trip soon, can you help me book a oneway flight ticket?	5
I want to go travelling soon, can you help me buy a one-way flight?	5
I think that I will be having a trip soon. Can you help me with buying a one way flight ticket? I think I will be leaving on the 10th.	5
I need to travel soon. Could you help me find a oneway flight ticket?	5
Can you help me buy a flight ticket please? Am leaving from Philly.	5
I'm wanting to travel soon. Can you help me find a one way ticket for my flight?	5
I need to travel. Can you help me get a oneway plane ticket?	5
I'm going to travel soon. Can you help me find a one way plane ticket?	5
Can you help me book a oneway flight ticket?	5
I want to travel soon, can you help me book a one way ticket to SD	5
I plan on traveling soon. Can you help me purchase a flight ticket that is one-way? I will need 4 tickets.	5
I want to travel. Can you help me get a one way ticket? I'm leaving from CDMX.	5
Hello! I need help purchasing a one-way ticket. I'd like it to be with Delta Airlines in economy, please.	5
I want to travel soon. Please find me oneway flight tickets.	5
I am traveling soon, are you able to help me with an Economy flight to Las vegas?	5
I'm looking for a oneway ticket for a trip.	5
I am looking for a oneway flight to NYC. I would prefer Economy.	5
I was thinking about traveling soon. Would you help me with booking a one way flight ticket?	5
I would like to travel soon. Please buy me a oneway flight to Phoenix, AZ.	5
Can you help me get a oneway ticket from SFO with Alaska Airlines?	5
I feel like going on a trip somewhere. Can you help me book a one way ticket somewhere?	5
I am planning for a trip for which I need one-way flights, Can you help me to find one?	5
Can you find me a one-way flight for the 4th of March?	5
Could you help me find some one-way flights?	5
I would like to book a one way flight for 1 ticket in Premium Economy. Would you be willing to help me?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you assist me in finding one way flights that depart out of ATL?	5
Can you find me any one way flights to San Francisco?	5
Can you find me a one way ticket?	5
I am going on a trip and need help finding oneway flights.	5
Please help me find flights because I have a trip coming up, I prefer flights from Delta Airlines.	5
I will be taking a trip with 2 people, departing on the 1st of March. Please find me a oneway flight.	5
Can you get me info. on some flights?	5
My friend and I want to take a trip. We'd only need a oneway flight for the two of us.	5
I'm going on a trip soon, can you find me a one way flight?	5
Can you find me one-way flights for a trip I have coming up?	5
I have an upcoming trip. Can you find me one way flights?	5
I'm going on a trip, can you find me a one way flight from Portland, OR?	5
I am going on a trip soon, can you find some one way flights?	5
Please help me find one way flight for my upcoming trip on the 14th.	5
Can you find me oneway flights to Seattle, WA for my upcoming trip?	5
I need a oneway flight for a trip I have coming up.	5
I'm planning a trip pretty soon. Can you please help me book a oneway flight?	5
Can you look for oneway flights for my upcoming trip? Any airline is fine.	5
Can you find a flight for my upcoming trip?	5
I have a trip coming up, can you book me a oneway flight?	5
Hello, I am hoping to plan a trip for myself but may also arrange it for friends if it works out that there is enough room for everyone. So, I will need 1 oneway flight from NY.	5
I need to find a oneway flight for an upcoming trip.	5
I have a trip coming up, can you find me a one way flight?	5
Can you find me a one way ticket on Premium Economy?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need to find oneway flights for a trip coming up.	5
I'd like to book a one-way flight for an upcoming trip.	5
I need some oneway flights for an upcoming trip.	5
I'm looking for a oneway flight from Las Vegas	5
Can you find me oneway flights for my upcoming trip. My preferred airline is American Airlines.	5
I'm getting ready to take a trip. Can you help me find oneway flights please?	5
I have a trip coming up. Could you find me a oneway flight?	5
I have a trip coming up, can you find me oneway flights?	5
Hi, can you help me find two one way tickets please?	5
I have a trip coming up on March 7th and need a oneway flight.	5
I would like to search for one way flights for an upcoming trip.	5
I would like to find some Oneway Flights for my upcoming trip.	5
I'd like to search for oneway flights for an upcoming trip.	5
I need a one way flight for a trip.	5
Can you find me oneway flights?	5
Hi, can you help me find a flight for my upcoming trip? I would like to leave on Thursday next week and I would like to travel Premium Economy.	5
Can you find me a oneway flight to Las Vegas, where I am going on a trip?	5
Could you assist me in finding a one-way flight for my upcoming trip?	5
I have a business trip coming up soon. I'd like to get a one way flight for the 4th of this month.	5
I've got a trip soon. Can you find oneway flights? I might change my plans, so look for refundable tickets.	5
Can you find me oneway flights? I have a trip coming up and I will be leaving on Thursday next week. Business or economy tickets are fine with me.	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me some oneway flights? I'm traveling to SFO.	5
I need to book a oneway flight for my next trip.	5
I need a oneway flight for an upcoming flight.	5
I would like to book a one way flight on United Airlines for a trip coming up.	5
I'm planning to go on a trip. Can you help me book a one-way plane ticket?	5
I have an upcoming trip. Can you help me find one-way flights?	5
Could you please help me in finding oneway flight for my upcoming trip?	5
Can you find me a one-way flight for an upcoming trip?	5
I have a trip soon, can you get me some one way flights for March 1st?	5
Need oneway flights...going out of town.	5
Can you look for a oneway flight for me?	5
I need some oneway flights with refundable tickets. I have a trip coming up, but my plans may change.	5
I am looking for a one way flight.	5
I need a oneway flight Economy.	5
Can you look for one-way flights in Economy for my upcoming trip? I'd like to fly United Airlines.	5
Im seraching for one way Flights can you help me?	5
Please find me oneway flights in Premium Economy.	5
find one way flights for my upcoming trip. It will just be me traveling	5
Can you find me a one way flight for a trip I have coming up? I need to leave on the 13th of this month.	5
I have a trip coming up and I would like to book a ticket on a one way flight.	5
Are there any flights available for a oneway trip?	5
I have a trip on the horizon. Can you find me a oneway flight to Washington?	5
Got a trip coming up, can you find me a oneway flight refundable ticket.	5
Can you help me find a one way flight for my upcoming trip?	5
I got a trip coming up and was wondering if you can help me find a oneway fight on Southwest Airlines.	5
Can you please help me find one way flights?	5
Can you find me one way flights for an upcoming trip?	5
I am planning a trip for a group of four. Can you help me find oneway flights for everyone in my group?	5
I'm looking for one way flights I'm not specific about airlines	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me oneway flights? I like traveling Economy and I am traveling to SFO.	5
I want to go on a trip. There is 1 person and I would like to travel Premium Economy.	5
Can you find me oneway flights leaving on the 13th?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me one way flights?	5
I would like to book a one way flight for an upcoming trip.	5
I'm looking to book a oneway flight	5
Can you find me one way flights? I like to travel in Premium Economy.	5
Can you find me oneway flights for a trip I have coming up?	5
I will have a trip soon. I am looking for oneway flights.	5
Hello, would you be able to assist me in finding a flight for my upcoming trip? I will be leaving on the 1st.	5
Our vacation is coming up and I need help finding flights. Can you help me find a oneway flight on Air Canada ?	5
I'm heading out on a trip, can you find me a one way flight?	5
Can you find me one way Economy class flights for my upcoming trip?	5
I need to book one way flights for my coming trip for four.	5
Find one way flights leaving NY	5
Can you find me oneway flights from NYC for my upcoming trip next Thursday?	5
I'm going on a trip soon. Can you book me a one way flight ticket?	5
I'm planning on taking a trip soon. Can you help me find some one-way flights?	5
I am going on a trip soon. Can you help me find one way flights?	5
I plan on traveling soon. Can you find me a oneway flight?	5
Hey, I have a trip coming up. Can you find me one way flights, please? I like traveling in Premium Economy, and, if possible, on United Airlines.	5
I need to find some oneway flights for an upcoming trip.	5
Please find me oneway flights for my upcoming trip.	5
Could you help me find one way flights to Atlanta, GA?	5
I am planning to book a flight.	5
I have a tip to SF, can you find me a one way flight. Either Business or economy is good	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me oneway flights?	5
I'm looking to find a one way flight for an upcoming trip.	5
you can find me one way flights i go to grip	5
I have to take a trip really soon, can you help me with a one way flight?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me oneway flights? My plans might change, so I want refundable tickets only. I am traveling to Chicago.	5
I want to visit some friends out of town for my upcoming vacation. Can you suggest some one-way flights for me?	5
Can you please find me a oneway flight for next Wednesday?	5
Can you help me find a one way flight?	5
I have a trip soon, can you find me some one-way flights?	5
I will be traveling for a few days can you help me find a oneway flight to leave from Atlanta, GA	5
I need you to find a one way flight for my upcoming trip to San Diego.	5
Shelby, could you find me one-way flights for my upcoming trip?	5
I'm planning on going on a trip in the near future. Can you please find me oneway flights in Premium Economy?	5
I'm planning a trip and need a oneway flight.	5
I have an upcoming trip that I would like a one way flight for. I'd like to leave on the 11th.	5
I need to to find a one way flight leaving from London?	5
I want to visit some friends in Phoenix for my upcoming vacation. Would you please assist me with arranging my flight and purchasing a one-way ticket?	5
I'm planning on travelling soon. Could you please find me oneway flights for the 4th of this month?	5
I have a trip coming up soon. Can you help me find a one way flight from London leaving on the 13th of March?	5
I have a trip coming up, can you find me one way flights?	5
I have a trip coming up to see my family. Could you please find me oneway flights?	5
Please find me one way flights for a an upcoming trip I have.	5
I am planning to travel in the near future. Could you look for oneway flights for 4 people?	5
Can you show me one way flights?	5
I need to go on a trip soon. Please find me oneway flights for that.	5
I need a one way flight and prefer traveling in Premium Economy class.	5
Can you help me to find one way flights for my upcoming trip?	5
I am going on vacation soon, can you find me a ticket?	5
Can you help me book a one way flight for a trip I have coming up?	5
I have a trip coming up, can you find me a oneway trip flight?	5
Hey, I am looking for a one way flight on the 3rd of this month.	5
I'm looking for one way flights.	5
I am going on vacation soon, so I need to find some one way flights. I will be leaving from Paris.	5
I need to find a one way flight.	5
I have a trip coming up. Are there any oneway flights from New York?	5
Please find a one-way flight from Paris, France.	5
I need to find round trip flights for 3 people travelling to Washington.	5
Can you look for round trip flights?	5
Can you look up some round trip flights for me?	5
Can you find some round trips for me with American Airlines on the 2nd?	5
I need you to find me some flights.	5
Can you find me round trip flights?	5
Can you do a search for round trip flights?	5
I am looking to book a flight for Delta Airlines	5
Please help me find flights from Southwest Airlines. I need to be back at my hometown.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight back on March 10th	5
Can you find round trip flights for me?	5
I am looking for round trip flights just for one person.	5
I would like to book a flight.	5
Could you please find Economy class flights for me?	5
Can you find me some round trip flights for my business conference?	5
Could you please find round trip flights?	5
I am looking for round trip flights from Seattle leaving on Tuesday next week.	5
Could you find round trip flights for me?	5
I'm looking for round trip airline tickets to San Francisco. Can you help?	5
Can you please search round trip flights for two people?	5
Can you search flights for me?	5
Hello. Can you help me search for round trip flights?	5
Please look for round trip flights.	5
I would like to book a round trip.	5
I want a list of round trip flights.	5
I want to look at some flights.	5
I need to go on a trip. Can you find a round-trip flight for me?	5
Can you help me find a round trip flight through Delta Airlines?	5
Hey, I'm thinking of going on a trip. Can you search round trip flights for me?	5
Could you help to search for round trip tickets departing from LA?	5
Please search flights for me.	5
Please search the flights for me with return date of 7th of this month.	5
Can you search flights for me?	5
Can you search some flights for me?	5
Please help me find a flight?	5
I would like to find 1 ticket for a flight.	5
I'm thinking of traveling soon could you find me a flight?	5
Search flights leaving on the 8th of this month please.	5
I'm planning a vacation. Would you mind searching some flights for me?	5
I am traveling to Philadelphia, can you find me a flight?	5
Please help me find flights.	5
Would you be able to find me a flight?	5
Can you help me search for flights?	5
Can you find flights for me on American Airlines? I need to be back by the 11th.	5
I need you to look for some flights for me.	5
Can you search some premium economy flights for me?	5
Can you help me find a flight?	5
Can you help me search for some flights?	5
Could you check flights for me with American Airlines?	5
can you search flights for me? i am travelling to los angeles	5
Will you search some flights for me?	5
I want you to find a flight for me.	5
Help me to find flights, please.	5
Can you find a flight for me?	5
Can you find me some flights?	5
I'm looking for some flights.	5
Can you find a flight for me?	5
I'm looking for a flight, can you search for me?	5
Can you search flights for me? I am leaving from the LAX.	5
Will you please help me find flights?	5
I need airline tickets.	5
I need to fly from LAX, please find a flight	5
I would like to travel to Phoenix, AZ. Would you search available flights for me?	5
Can you search for a flight for me?	5
I want to go to London, England. Can you find me a flight?	5
i am looking for Economy class flights?	5
Please find me a flight.	5
Can you run a search for flights?	5
I have 4 people in my group and need a flight, can you do a search?	5
I would like to book a flight.	5
I need to take a flight soon. Can you help me find tickets? I usually travel Economy class.	5
Could you search for flights for me?	5
Can you look for a flight for me to ATL?	5
I will be taking a trip Monday next week. Can you find a flight for me?	5
Can you search airline flights for me?	5
I'd like a flight leaving on the 7th and coming back the 12th of this month.	5
Can you search for flights for me?	5
Please help me search flights.	5
Can you look for some flights for me?	5
Can you look flights for me? I am taking off on this Sunday.	5
Can you help me find flights ?	5
Can you search for flights?	5
Could you search all available flights?	5
Can you find a flight for two people for me?	5
I have to take a business trip, can you search flights for me?	5
Can you find flights for me?	5
I need a flight please.	5
Can you look for flights for one?	5
I need help finding flights.	5
I need a flight for Saturday this week.	5
I need a flight leaving on the 2nd.	5
Can you search for some United Airlines flights for me?	5
Please find me a flight to book.	5
Could you look up some flights for me?	5
Could you find a flight for me? I need to go to Seattle, WA.	5
Could you look for flights for this sunday, please?	5
Could you search a flight for me? I'm leaving thursday next week.	5
Can you look for American Airlines flights for me please?	5
Please search me some flights.	5
Can you find Economy flights for me?	5
I need to find a flight.	5
Can you search flights for me?	5
Can you find some flights for me that leave from London, England. I would prefer American Airlines	5
Can you find a flight for me? I am leaving from Chi-town.	5
I need to find a flight for one person please.	5
I'd like to book a flight for 4 people.	5
Can you search for a flight for four people?	5
Can you search for flights leaving on the 2nd.	5
Can you please search flights for me? I am leaving from Chicago.	5
I would like to book a flight for my vacation.	5
I'd like to search for some flights, please.	5
Can you find flights for me leaving Chi-town?	5
I really like American Airlines, could you search for some flights for me leaving from Vegas?	5
I am interested in going on holiday can you help me with flights?	5
Could you find me round trip flights?	5
I need a flight for 1 people in my group.	5
I want you to scan for round trip flights.	5
Can you search for flights for me?	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight from Delta Airlines, please help me out.	5
I need to find a round trip flight.	5
I'd like you to search a flight for me. I am looking for United Airlines Economy.	5
Hello! Could you help me to find some round-trip flights?	5
I need a round trip flight soon. Find me something from United Airlines	5
I'm going on a trip, can you find some flights for me?	5
I'd like to get a round trip flight, returning on the 11th of this month. Can you help?	5
Sir, I would like to book a flight and would prefer to have a round trip. Please can you help me in booking?	5
I need help with flights.	5
Can you look up flight times for me?	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight. Can you find one for me?	5
I wish to go for a vacation to spend my holiday. will you find me round trip flights?	5
Hey, can you find some flights for me?	5
I need a round trip flights	5
Can you help me find some flights?	5
I have some unused vacation time coming up and would like to go on a trip. Can you search round trip flights for me?	5
Can you search airline flights for me?	5
I am planning to go for a trip. Can you find me round trip flights?	5
Hey, I'm going somewhere next Wednesday and I need to book a flight. Can you see what's available?	5
I need to search for a round trip flight.	5
I'm going out of town for a few days, can you find me some round trip flights?	5
Can you find round trip flights for me?	5
I need to find some round trip flights.	5
This question is for you, my friend. Would you please find me some options for round-trip flights?	5
Can you find me an economy flight leaving from Delhi, India?	5
To meet my cousin I am flying to London. Can you find a flight for me?	5
I need flights for 3 people. Can you search flights, please?	5
Can you look through some flights for me? I would most like to have American Airlines. I'm going to Seattle, WA.	5
Can you help me search for flights, please. I will be returning on 9th of this month.	5
I want to book a flight to Sydney, NSW in Australia.	5
Can you help me look up some flights?	5
Can you look up a flight for me?	5
Can you find me a flight leaving today?	5
Can you search for Economy flights for me?	5
Can you find a return flight for me this Sunday?	5
I am looking for a flight. Look for flights from Seattle that return on the 13th.	5
Hi! I need help looking to book a round trip flight. It doesn't matter which class.	5
I'm looking for a flight	5
I need to find a round trip flight to NYC.	5
I am looking out for booking a flight	5
I'm looking for a returning flight on the 14th of this month.	5
I'm searching for round trip flight.	5
I am looking for a round trip flight from Toronto, Ontario.	5
I'm searching for round trip flights.	5
I would like a round trip flight on any airline.	5
Will you help me find a round trip flight?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I need help finding a round trip flight.	5
I'm looking for a flight.	5
I will be having a round trip flight, one which I will be flying to Chicago for a tourist visit?	5
I want flights from Las Vegas and I wanna start the travel on the 5th.	5
I am taking a trip soon, can i see what flights are available?	5
I am looking for a round trip flight to Chicago on the 10th.	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight for a trip to Portland.	5
I'm looking for a flight.	5
I need to find a flight.	5
You can find me please a flight with Delta Airlines?	5
I'm going on a trip. Can you book 2 flight tickets for me?	5
I'm going on a trip. Can you book me a flight from Portland leaving on the 1st?	5
I'm searching for a flight.	5
Hello, I am looking for a flight.	5
I'm looking for a flight for the 8th of March.	5
I'm looking for a flight, which ones do you recommend?	5
Returining o 13th of this month. I am looking for a flight.	5
I'm looking to book a flight to ATL.	5
I am currently looking for flights to where I am traveling on the 1st of this month.	5
Returning on the 11th. I am looking for a flight.	5
Hi, I'm looking for a flight.	5
i want to fly into sfo. so i am looking for a flight.	5
Can you help me buy flights for a trip?	5
I will be leaving for a brief trip. Help me purchase flight tickets?	5
I need tickets for a short flight i need to get.	5
I'd like to go on vacation and order some tickets.	5
I wish to travel to LAX. Please book flight tickets for this short trip.	5
I want to go on a little trip. Can you find me some tickets?	5
I need to buy tickets for a short trip I'm planning period I want a premium economy ticket.	5
I am planning for a trip to London, England. Can you help me to buy flight tickets and the return time will be around 8:15 am.	5
I'm going on a short trip. Can you buy a ticket leaving around morning 9:15?	5
I want to go on a short trip, so can you help me buy flight tickets?	5
I need flight tickets for a short trip. The return flight needs to leave at 3:15 in the afternoon.	5
I'm going on a short trip to SFO. Can you help me book flight tickets?	5
Can you help me find plane tickets for an upcoming trip?	5
I'll be going on a trip soon. Can you book flight tickets for me? I'm hoping to leave around 14:30.	5
I am planning a short trip, can you help me get the tickets? I want to fly with American Airlines. I want to leave at 12:45.	5
Could you help me find tickets from San Francisco for a short trip?	5
I'm planning a trip, can you help choose a flight?	5
I'm planning a short trip, can you help me buy plane tickets?	5
Hi,i need a help, I am interested to a short trip,For my onward trip, i can leave around 7 in the morning from Phoenix, AZ	5
I would like to book flight tickets.	5
I am planning a short trip. Can you help me with locating a flight?	5
I am planning a short trip for 1 person. Would you help me find flights?	5
Can you help me buy some flight tickets for my short trip? My return flight will be around 7:30 in the morning.	5
Can you get me flight tickets for a short trip?	5
Hello, I would like to go on a short trip! Could you help to purchase some flight tickets?	5
I would like a flight ticket.	5
I need to buy flight tickets for a short trip.	5
I want to go on a vacation soon. Can you help me find a good price on tickets?	5
I need plane tickets for 1 please.	5
I have a short trip I want to go on, and I need some help buying plane tickets.	5
I'm looking to go on a short vacation on the 11th of this month. Please hep me find a good price on flight tickets.	5
Can you get me plane tickets for a short trip out of Atlanta, GA?	5
Can I have a plane ticket for my short trip?	5
I need flight tickets for a short trip.	5
I was thinking about going on a short trip, I really could use some time off. I need assistance in the procedure of buying tickets, I want to leave on the 8th.	5
I plan to take a short flight, can you help me buy tickets?	5
I'm going on a short trip, can you please help me buy airline tickets?	5
Can you book flight tickets for my short trip?	5
I need to fly out of New York City. Do you think you can help?	5
I'm planning a short trip, can you help me buy flight tickets?	5
I'm looking to go on a short trip. could you help me find something? I want to return on March 8th.	5
I need to buy some plane tickets for a short trip.	5
I'm going on a short trip for the long weekend and need to buy some flight tickets. Can you get me Economy tickets out of LA?	5
I am planning a brief trip. Would you help me find flights?	5
Can you help me in buying flight tickets for my short trip?	5
I need flight tickets for a short trip.	5
I am planning to go on a trip and I need flight tickets around 3:15 in the morning for a return flight.	5
Can you help me buy flight tickets to San Fran on economy.	5
I need some plane tickets for a little trip I'm taking. Can you help? I will return on the 4th.	5
I need some airline tickets for a quick trip	5
I'm going on a trip. Can you help me with the tickets? I want to leave from Vegas at around 8:45 in the night.	5
Can you help me book flights for a short trip? I am traveling in Economy.	5
I want to go on a short trip. WOuld you help to find tickets? I'd like to return on the 12th.	5
can you buy flight tickets for a short trip on 11th of this month?	5
I'm going to be traveling and I need some flight tickets. I expect to return the 14th of this month.	5
I'm planning to go on a short trip, can you help me buy tickets for a flight?	5
I'd like to get some plane tickets - can you give me a hand?	5
I'm planning to go on a short trip. Can you help me buy flight tickets? I would like to come back on March 9th.	5
I want to find some movies online.	8
I am looking to find a movie online	8
I would a love a list of good movies online.	8
I feel like watching a movie online so I need to find one.	8
Please find some Comic movies by online	8
I am looking for movies.	8
I'm looking for some movies I can watch online.	8
I want movies on the net	8
I'm looking for some online movies.	8
Can you find me some Drama movies online. I prefer the likes of movies directed by Likarion Wainaina.	8
I'd like to find some movies online.	8
I'd like to see a movie online.	8
I'm looking for movies to view online.	8
I want to watch a movie online, please.	8
I need you to look for online movies.	8
I want to watch some movies online similar to those directed by Anthony Maras.	8
I wanna find movies online please.	8
Hey, I'm looking for a movie I can stream online. I like the director Roxann Dawson.	8
Hi, i need a help, I am interested to watch movies online	8
I'm looking online to find some interesting movies. I typically like movies that are directed by Max Minghella.	8
I want to find movies directed by Anthony Maras.	8
I want to use the internet to find movies.	8
Can you help me find some movies online?	8
Can you help me find some movies to watch online?	8
I want to find a Drama move online.	8
I'd like to find a movie.	8
Please help me find movies online, preferrably Rom-com.	8
I really enjoy movies by Cameron Crowe, can you help me find similar movies online?	8
I want to watch a movie online for which I need your help to find some good movies.	8
I want to watch a movie online.	8
What drama movies are currently in theaters?	8
Hey, I want to see a movie online in my bedroom. Can you find me some Adventure movies?	8
I have some free time and I want to watch some movie online. Can you search some for me?	8
I am looking for movies directed by Morton DaCosta.	8
Okay, my friends are coming over tonight. We all agree that a good movie will be fun to watch with some nice, hot popcorn and other snacks. I'm thinking a movie by film director Neil Burger would be a hit. What's your take on that, please?	8
Please help me find some movies online. I'm looking for Romance movies.	8
Any good movies on the web?	8
I'd like to find a Drama movie to watch online. It doesn't matter who the director is.	8
I want to find some movies online. I feel like watching something funny. It can be from any director.	8
I want movies online directed by Kevin Kolsch	8
I'm thinking about staying in tonight and watching a good movie. Let's search online movies please.	8
I am having a movie night at home and would like to find some online. Can you find me movies like ones directed by Matteo Garrone?	8
I'd like to search for movies to watch online.	8
I feel like watching a film online. Can you find one for me?	8
I was searching for some Drama movies online, because i think they're great. It would be good to find one directed by Robin Bissell.	8
Can you find me a move to watch online?	8
I am really really bored, please help me find a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock.	8
i want to find some movies online	8
need movies that are online	8
Please help me find movies online.	8
I'm looking to stream a movie.	8
I'd like to find some movies online.	8
I would like to find some War movies online.	8
I wish to search for some movies online.	8
I'm looking to watch some movies online.	8
Hey, I'm looking for some movies	8
I want to find some movies to watch online, preferable Non-fiction.	8
I want to find some movies online.	8
I'm trying to find some films online, such as ones directed by Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre.	8
Can you find me some movies online directed by Kevin Kolsch?	8
I would like to watch a Suspense movie online.	8
Can you help me find some movies online?	8
I'd like to look for drama movies online.	8
I would like to find a subscription online movie site.	8
Can you find some movies online for me?	8
I like War movies, I'd like to see one directed by James Kent	8
I wish to get some Funny movies directed by Chris Butler.	8
I'm looking for some movies online, like romantic films.	8
I'm looking for some movies online	8
I would like to find some online movies, My preference are movies directed by George sidney	8
Can you search some movies online?	8
I'd like to find a drama movie to watch online.	8
I want to watch a movie online. One similar to movies directed by Joel Coen.	8
Can you find me some movies online by Matteo Garrone?	8
I want to watch movie online	8
I would like to find some comic movies online.	8
I would like to see a Funny movie online, a movie directed by Morton DaCosta	8
What movies are online at the moment?	8
I wanted to have a movie night, help me pick a movie. I like Fantasy and all the movies directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.	8
Please search for Action movies online.	8
It would be nice if got some movies online.	8
I want to find some movies online. I like Drama movies directed by Madeleine Olnek, do you have any suggestions?	8
Please find me some Tom McCarthy's movie	8
I'd like to see a movie online	8
I'd like to look for a movie online.	8
I'm looking for movies online.	8
Can you recommend any online life history movies that I could watch? I don't have a preference about who the director is.	8
I wanna find movies online and I like movies directed by Morton DaCosta.	8
I'd like to watch a movie on the computer.	8
I would like to find a good Drama movie to watch with my wife this weekend.	8
I want to watch a movie, can you find a drama I can watch online?	8
I'm interested in looking for movies online.	8
Please find me a movie online	8
Any good movies online?	8
Please help me find online Comedy movies.	8
I would like to find an Adventure movie.	8
I'm looking for online movies.	8
I'm planning a movie night, can you help me find one online?	8
I'm looking for some movies online.	8
I want to find some comedy movies online.	8
I want to find online Detective movies directed by Orson Welles.	8
I want to find some movies online.	8
Will you help me find some movies online?	8
I am looking for some movies online with any director.	8
Help me find some movies online. I'd like to see some sports movie.	8
I want to find some movies to stream online.	8
I want to find some drama movies online that are directed by Nia DaCosta.	8
I need you to search for online movies.	8
Find me a movie. I like the ones Anthony Maras directs	8
What are some movies that I can watch online?	8
I'd like to find some movies online please.	8
I think I will be watching a movie online so I would like to find one. I usually enjoy watching movies directed by Anthony Maras.	8
What are some good movies online?	8
I want to watch movies online.	8
I am looking for some good movies online. Do you have any recommendations?	8
I want to find movies to watch online.	8
I want to watch a movie online, can you help me find a good one?	8
I would like some assistance in finding some movies online.	8
Can you find some movies online?	8
I am interested in some online movies.	8
It's movie night and I'm in the mood for a drama. Can you help me find some online? The director doesn't matter.	8
Can you recommend a movie directed by Orson Welles?	8
I want to watch a movie online but I need to find it first.	8
I'd like to find some suspense movies online.	8
I want to find some movies to watch.	8
Can you help me find some movies to watch online?	8
I'd like to watch some good movies online.	8
I fancy watching a movie at home this evening	8
I would like to find some Comic movies online, I particularly enjoy movies directed by Tyler Perry.	8
Can you find some movies to watch today online?	8
I want to watch a movie, please help me find some online.	8
Hey, I'd like to watch a movie. Can you help me?	8
Can you find movies online?	8
Can you help me fine a good drama movie online?	8
I want to find some online movies. Comic movies are nice.	8
I need to look for some online movies	8
Can you find me movies online that were directed by Michael Chaves?	8
I would like you to find me some mystery movies online.	8
Please find me War movies online.	8
Hello! Can you help me find a movie online?	8
What movies are playing?	8
What are some online movies playing now?	8
I wanna find some Romance movies online.	8
I dont care about the director if the movie is a romance movie.	8
Can you help me find a movie online?	8
Find me some movies online	8
I've got nothing to do, I think it is fun to watch some movies online directed by Stephen Merchant. Sports movies particularly. Can you help me find one?	8
Can you recommend any drama movies directed by Garth Davis.	8
I'm looking for movies online.	8
I'd like to find a movie online.	8
I'm looking for a movie directed by Iain Softley.	8
Can you find some movies online please?	8
I feel like watching a movie right now. Can you find me something online? Something violent, like Alfred Hitchcock would be great.	8
I'm looking for some movies online.	8
I would like to watch movies online.	8
I would like to look for movies to watch online.	8
I'm looking to watch movies online.	8
Can you find me comic movies online?	8
I want to find some online movies.	8
I would really like to watch some Biographical movies. My wife and I love that genre.	8
I want to find movies. Musical movies are interesting.	8
Any good movies online?	8
I am going to search for some movies online.	8
Are there any good movies i can watch online?	8
Can you find me some online movies with any director?	8
where can i find online movies	8
I would like to look online for movies, life history movies would be preferable.	8
I want to watch some movies online.	8
I need to locate some movies online.	8
My friends had come home, I want to find some movies online.	8
i want to find some movies online.	8
what are the best movies online	8
I am planning to watch a movie online, can you find something for me?	8
Find some great crime movies directed by Alfred hitchcock	8
I am looking for some movies online. Are there any comic movies you would recommend?	8
I want to find some movies online.	8
I'm looking for online versions of movies directed by Peter Farrelly.	8
Can you find movies online that are directed by Matteo Garrone.	8
I would like to find some movies online. It doesn't matter to me who the director is.	8
I want to find some online movies. Can you find me a Romantic movie directed by Cameron Crowe?	8
I'd like to watch a movie	8
I need movies online	8
Can you find Drama movies online?	8
I am looking for Comedy movies online. Stanley Kubrick is one director whose work I really enjoy.	8
i like to watch movies online .	8
I am looking for movies online.	8
I'd like to find some movies online to watch with a few friends at my place.	8
Find me some movies online.	8
Help me find comic movies online	8
Can you find me a scary movie to watch?	8
I'd like to find some movies to watch online.	8
Where could I find movies online?	8
I want to rest today at the same time I want to watch something can you suggest for me any movies?	8
I want to find some movie online to watch. Drama movies of Simon Jaquemet movies can be great options.	8
Find me some movies online.	8
I'm looking for some movies to watch online.	8
Where can I watch movies online?	8
I want to find some movies starring a comic.	8
I would like to find some movies online.	8
Can you find me some movies on the internet?	8
It's been a while since I watched a movie, can you help me find some movies online?	8
I need a one-way flight leaving from Philly. Preferablly Delta Airlines.	5
Hi, i need a help, I am going to lAX , Can you find one-way flight for me	5
cOULD YOU PLEASE FIND A ONE WAY FLIGHT FOR MY UPCOMING TRIP	5
Can you find me one-way flights?	5
Would you search for one way flights?	5
I need information about oneway flights for my next trip.	5
Could you find me one.way flights in economy from ATL, please?	5
Please help me find one-way flights.	5
I'm going out of town for a bachelor party. Can you find me a one-way flight in Economy seating?	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight.	5
Can you find me a flight for two people?	5
I need to find one-way flights for tomorrow.	5
I'm planning on going on a trip soon. Can you help me find a good flight?	5
Can you help me fin a one-way flight to ATL? I need three tickets.	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find a one way flight for Thursday next week.	5
Hey, can you find me some flights?	5
Hey I want a premium economy one way flight, help me out!	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight?	5
I would like a one-way flight via Economy class.	5
Can you find me some one-way flights please, I prefer Premium Economy cause I like the leg room	5
I am searching for one-way flights.	5
Hi, I'd like to book a one-way flight for an upcoming trip.	5
Can you help me find some flights?	5
I am looking for a one-way flight to Chicago. Can you find one for me?	5
I'd like to find a one-way flight on American Airlines, and I want it to be Economy.	5
I'm going away, can you help me search for one-way flights for 2 people?	5
I'm planning a vacation soon. Can you find a one-way flight for me?	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I need to fly soon, can you search for me one way flights?	5
I'm taking a vacation to Paris soon. Can you see if there are any one-way flights available?	5
Can you search for one-way flights?	5
Find me a one way flight, departing Monday next Week	5
Hi I'm looking to travel. Can you find some one-way flights for me?	5
I need to find one-way flights.	5
Please find one-way flights.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight to Phoenix, AZ for three people.	5
i want oneway flights for two people	5
I want to plan a trip and need help with the flight. I'm looking for oneway flights that leave from Chi-town.	5
Can you help me find a oneway ticket from Phoenix, AZ? I am indifferent to business or economy.	5
I have an upcoming trip. Can you find me a one way flight leaving LAX on March 10th?	5
I need a one way flight on any airline.	5
I need flight tickets. 4 people, flying one way to Portland, OR.	5
Im looking for one way flight	5
Can you help me book a one way flight?	5
I would like to fly one way to Phoenix, AZ with Delta Airlines.	5
Can you help me find a flight ticket? I do not have a seat preference.	5
I would like a one way flight on the 1st to ATL.	5
I got to fly away from New York City.	5
Help me find a one way flight?	5
My name is Jack. I'd like to book a one way flight from Portland, OR for a business trip.	5
I'd like to find one way flights from Chicago.	5
I need premium economy tickets for a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight to depart next Thursday. Please search for economy class tickets.	5
I would like a one way flight from SD.	5
I need a flight to visit an out-of-state relative.	5
I want a one way flight ticket.	5
I'm planning a trip, can you find me a one way economy flight?	5
I need to find a one way flight.	5
I would like to book a one way flight on the 11th March. Do you have any deals next week?	5
I'll be flying to Vegas soon, and I want to find a one way flight.	5
I want to look for a one way flight for the 1st of this month.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I'm going on a trip. I need three Premium Economy tickets for a one-way trip.	5
I'm looking to book a one-way flight.	5
Hey, I need to book a one-way flight.	5
Im looking for one way flight	5
I am travelling on the 6th and need a one way flight.	5
I am looking for a one way flight	5
I'd like a one way flight.	5
I need a one way flight: 3 tickets through Delta Airlines.	5
I am searching for one way flight to Seattle.	5
Hey there. I need a one way flight out of NYC.	5
I want to look for flights from SF, one way only.	5
I am looking for a flight.	5
Hi, I'm looking for a one way flight to Washington.	5
I would like to find a one way flight.	5
Please find a one way flight with United Airlines.	5
I need a one way flight from Atlanta.	5
I would like book a cab ride to Kanpai.	14
Can you get me a cab, for 1, I'm going alone	14
I need a cab.	14
Find me a cab please	14
I'd like to get a cab for 4.	14
I would like to have a taxi and I am 1 person.	14
I need a cab please.	14
Please help me find a cab.	14
I wanna get a cab. I want a ride to Barracuda Japanese Restaurant.	14
I'm searching for a cab to Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum	14
Hey, can you book me a cab to 1045 North Armando Street? I want a Luxury ride.	14
Can you get me a cab to the Amaravati House?	14
I would like to order a cab please.	14
I'd like to order a cab for three people.	14
Can you help me get a cab to 512 Sacramento Street?	14
I want a cab to take me to 4087 Peralta Boulevard.	14
I need a ride to 411 Main Street.	14
I'd like to hail a taxi.	14
Can you find me a taxi?	14
I want a cab	14
I need to reserve a cab that offers a Regular ride.	14
I'd like to get a cab, please	14
I want to hire a cab	14
I need a ride to 1367 North McDowell Boulevard.	14
I'd like to get a cab.	14
Ia m looking for a luxury cab to take me to Pear Street Bistro.	14
I am looking for a regular cab for four people.	14
We two people searching for a cab.	14
I need to call a cab.	14
I want to get a cab for a group of 4.	14
I would like to find a cab.	14
I'm going to need a cab.	14
Can you help me get a cab?	14
I need to go to 19369 Stevens Creek Boulevard Suite 130 for which I need a cab with Luxury ride. Can you find one?	14
I need a cab to 353 Columbus Avenue.	14
I want to get a cab to the Shaking the Tree Theatre.	14
I'm looking for a cab for one person.	14
I need a cab.	14
Could you locate a cab for e?	14
I need a cab to take me to Luna Mexican Kitchen.	14
I need a cab.	14
I want a cab and am a group of one	14
I need a group of 1 cab ride to Rooftop Restaurant & Bar.	14
Hey, can you find me a taxi pleasE?	14
I need a ride. Can you call a cab?	14
I'm requesting a cab.	14
Can you get me a cab for three people?	14
I need a Luxury cab ride.	14
I need a cab.	14
My car went to service station , i can't able to go out. Will you find a cab for me to travel?	14
I would like to get a cab, there are three of us.	14
I would like a Regular cab for one.	14
I would like to get a cab for a Luxury ride	14
I need a cab.	14
Can you call me a cab.	14
I need a luxury cab for three.	14
I am looking for a cab that can take three passengers.	14
I need to get a cab.	14
Because of my busy schedule i miss my train will you help me to call a cab? I prefer Shared ride	14
Can you call me a cab? I'm going to Skates on The Bay.	14
Can you call me a cab? I'm ok with a shared ride too.	14
I want a taxi cab for four.	14
Please call a cab for me.	14
Would you help me find a cab company please?	14
Hi I need a cab to 379 Gellert Boulevard, please.	14
I need a cab for one person to go to 1265 Monument Boulevard.	14
I need a cab, would you help me call one please?	14
I need a cab, its ok if its a shared ride.	14
I have plans later today. Can you help me call a cab?	14
I need to get to 1450 Creekside Drive and need a cab. Can you call one for me?	14
Will you please help call a cab for me?	14
Please, can you call me a cab for one person?	14
Can you help me book a mask	14
I need to book for a cab for one person, can you help me?	14
I need a taxi for two and I am good with shared ride.	14
Can you please call me a cab. I want to go to 54 37th Avenue.	14
Get me a cab, please. I'm willing to share a ride.	14
I want to get to 1150 Webster street. Can you help me find a taxi for 2 people?	14
Can you call a cab for me?	14
Please call a cab for me.	14
Can you call a cab?	14
Can you call me a cab, shared ride is fine?	14
I have a meeting later and I need to leave here in 15 minutes to be there on time. Can you call me a cab?	14
I need a cab.	14
Would you find me a cab?	14
Get me a cab for three people	14
I'm heading to dinner with some friends but I need a ride. Can you help me get a cab?	14
Could you help me call a cab to the airport?	14
Could you get me a cab?	14
Can you call a cab for me?	14
I need a cab for one person.	14
I want to book a cab, can you find for me?	14
Can you call a cab?	14
I'm in sort of a pickle, my friend. I don't feel like driving in peak time traffic today. Plus, I need to practice my speech a little more. Would you be kind to help me get a cab?	14
I need a taxi.	14
Can you help me call a cab? A shared ride will be fine.	14
Can you call me cab	14
I need you to get me a taxi.	14
can you please call me a cab	14
Could you get me a taxi?	14
Can you help me call a cab? I need to go to 555 Knowles Drive Suite 109. There will be three of us in the party.	14
I'm going out with a friend. Can you help me get a cab?	14
Can you help me book a cab?it is for two people and we would like to go to 560 Waverley Street.	14
I need a cab for two people.	14
I want to go to Sons of Liberty Alehouse and I need a taxi.	14
Can you call me at cab for one person? I need to go to 211 Quarry Road #107.	14
Can you call me a cab?	14
I need a taxi for 2 people. I'm fine with sharing a ride with someone.	14
I need a cab please, and I don't mind sharing a ride.	14
Please find me a shared cab.	14
I have to get to BAM Howard Gilman Opera House, can you get a cab for me?	14
Do you think you could help me call a cab, I'm fine with sharing the ride.	14
I'd like to get a taxi cab please.	14
Please get me a cab. I need it for two persons please.	14
I need a cab for 2 people.	14
I need you to call me a cab?	14
Could you call me a cab? It's for 2 people, doesn't matter if it's a shared ride or not.	14
I need a cab to go to Columbia Center.	14
Hey, I need to leave right now. Can you help me find a cab? It's for 4 people and I'm ok with sharing a ride.	14
Book me a rental car.	12
I want to find a rental car for March 6th, pick up in New York.	12
My usual car is being repaired right now. I'm in need of a rental car for the interim.	12
I need a car for next Thursday	12
I have an out-of-town business meeting and would prefer to drive. Please find me a rental car.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need to rent a Full-size car.	12
Hey, I want a car for rent. I need it until the 10th. Can you help me?	12
I have an urgent trip in the evening. Can you find a rental car around 6 o"clock in the evening.	12
Hi, I will be travelling and I need to book a rental car for the 6th of March.	12
I think I need to rent a car.	12
Can you search for a rental car?	12
I would like to find a rental car. I'll need to keep it until the 8th of this month.	12
Hello. Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I'm going on a trip and need to rent a car, can you find me one?	12
I'm looking to rent a car for my next trip.	12
I wish for a car for rent.	12
I wanna find a rental car.	12
I need the rental car until 11th of March. I want to pick it up in London, UK.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I want to find a rental car.	12
I am looking for a Full-size rental car.	12
I have a business trip coming up in San Diego and will need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car for two days, from the 9th of this month till the 11th of this month.	12
I need to a rental car	12
I need to find a rental car while I'm out of town. I need a Standard car until the 2nd.	12
Im looking for a car rental	12
I would like to find a car to rent.	12
I am looking for a rental car.	12
I need to book a car for rent around 16:30, can you find something?	12
Can you find me a rental car I can pick up in Washington at 6 pm?	12
I'm interested in renting a car.	12
I got to rent some wheels?	12
I am in need of renting a car and I need it to be a small car.	12
I want to rent a car from March 7th.	12
I am interested in renting a car from Nairobi and i want till 11th of this month.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car through March 12th.	12
I want to find a compact car for rent.	12
I need to book a rental car.	12
I am looking for a standard class rental car.	12
I nned to find a rental car. I wanna pick it up from Vancouver on Tuesday next week.	12
Hello, Good evening. How are you doing today? I am planning for a trip. I am looking for some good Standard Car from 8th of March. Do you have any cars available?	12
I'm going to be in NY on March 4th and need to get a rental car. Can you find me one?	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I would like a compact car to rent.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I need to get a car to drive.	12
How shall I find a rental car?	12
I'm looking to rent a car.	12
I want a rental car for Sunday this week around afternoon 1:45.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Can you help with renting a Standard car.	12
I want to book a rental car.	12
I need to rent a car	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I need to find a rental car with a pick up around 17:00.	12
Hello! I am looking for rental car information.	12
I want to find a rental car to pick up at 12:30 pm.	12
I'm trying to find a rental car in san fran.	12
Can you find me a rental car?	12
Hello! I need to reserve a rental car to pick up at 2 in the afternoon today.	12
I need to find a car to rent until the 9th of March.	12
I need a rental car to pick up at Las Vegas.	12
I will need to be moving a lot. I need to rent a car.	12
I'm looking for a car to rent.	12
I'd like to search for a rental vehicle. I'd like to collect the vehicle around morning 10:30.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I am travelling to California and need a rental car for the trip.	12
I will be attending a meeting.Please help me find a rental car that I will be using this evening 7:30.	12
I want to find a rental car	12
Could you help me to find a rental car for us until the 12th of March?	12
I would like to find a vehicle for rent.	12
Will you find me a rental car till 10th of March?	12
I'd like to reserve a rental car until March 11th.	12
I need to rent a car. Full-size please.	12
I have a plan to make a trip . I need a rental car to travel. Will you find me a rental car and i need that car at five pm?	12
I am looking to rent a car. Could you give a hand, please?	12
I need to rent a car until Wednesday next week.	12
i should the car from 5th of this month i want to find a rental car.	12
I need to rent a car on March 5th.	12
I need help to book a rental car.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
Find me a rental car till March 6th,I will pick up the car around 2 in the afternoon.	12
I am looking for a rental car	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I need a car rental.	12
I am interested in renting a vehicle.	12
I want to retrieve my car around half past 12 in the afternoon. I want to rent a car.	12
I'm looking to rent a car.	12
I would like to hire a rental car	12
I want to find a rental car please.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need assistance renting a car by March 10th.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I want to find a Compact rental car and I would like to pick up the car around 12 o"clock in the afternoon.	12
Hi, I'd like a rental car, please.	12
I want a compact rental car	12
I need help finding a rental car.	12
I am looking for a rental car.	12
i WANT TO FIND A RENTAL CAR	12
I need a rental car.	12
I'm going on a road trip, I'll need help to find a rental car.	12
I want to rent a car.	12
I am looking to rent a car, and I would need to pick it up at 09:30.	12
I need to find a large rental car.	12
I need a rental car until the 9th of this month, can you help?	12
Hey. I want to find a standard rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car for the 3rd.	12
I want a rental car.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
Please help me find a intermediate car in Seattle.	12
I am looking for a small car for rental purposes.	12
I am searching for a rental car in New York City, can you find one?	12
Can you find me a rental car? I want to pick it up at half past 1 in the afternoon.	12
I need a rental car until the 11th of this month	12
I need to find a rental car in Vancouver. I don't really care what type of car it is.	12
Can you find me a rental car for eight pm?	12
I need a rental car for pickup at 15:30.	12
Hello, I would like to find a rental car.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Can you help me find a rental vehicle in LAX?	12
I'm trying to find a rental car.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I am in need of renting a car, so I would like you to help me find it.	12
I need a rental car on March 6th and I will need it until March 7th.	12
i need to find a rental car.	12
I wish to make a ride. can you find me a car?	12
I will need to rent a car tomorrow. Do you know of anything?	12
I'd like to find a rental vehicle, preferably in Philly.	12
I'll need a rental car from 3 o"clock in the afternoon, can you book one for me?	12
Hello, I am seeking a rental car for use until the 9th of March.	12
I need to get a rental car.	12
I want to find a rental car that I can pick up at eleven in the morning and return on March 12th.	12
It's important that I'm able to drive around. Can you find me a rental car?	12
I'd like a rental car.	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a rental car?	12
I would like to get a rental car in Paris, France.	12
I want to find a rental car. I will need the car from Wednesday next week until the 11th of this month.	12
Hi, I need to find a full-size rental car.	12
I need to get a rental car.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I need to locate a rental car.	12
I'm looking to rent a car until the 11th.	12
Will you assist me with renting a car on March 6th?	12
I want to find a rental car. I will pick it up at 1:15 pm	12
I need a rental car for March 1st.	12
Hello! I would like to rent a car.	12
I need to rent a car for Saturday this week. Can you help me?	12
I am going to be needing a Standard rental car.	12
I'm on vacation and don't want to call a taxi on a daily basis. Can you help me find a rental Compact car, please?	12
I need a rental car till 12th of this month.	12
I need to rent a car for Next Tuesday, can you help me find one?	12
I'd like to get a rental car, can you help me?	12
I will be attending my sister's wedding next month, please help me find a rental car that I will be using until March 6th. Look in Washington, please.	12
I need the car March 11th. I want to find a rental	12
I need to book a rental car at 3 pm, can you help me?	12
Search rental cars please.	12
Locate a rental car for the 3rd of this month for me please.	12
I need an intermediate rental car.	12
Hi. I'm looking for a rental car reservation.	12
I'm going on a road trip, I need help to get a rental car.	12
I need a rental car please	12
I will be in Sacramento. Are you able to find me a rental car? I can pick it up at 11:00.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I need to get around Philly till the 12th of this month, I'm gonna need a rental car	12
I need a rental in Paris on the 5th. Can you help?	12
I will be attending a conference for work soon and need to get a rental car from March 10th until March 13th.	12
I need a rental at evening 4:30. Where can I get one?	12
I need a small rental car until the 12th of March.	12
I'm looking to rent a Standard car.	12
I want to find a compact car for rent.	12
Hi there, I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car from the 3rd until the 7th of March.	12
I want to find a rental car in Ciudad de Mexico.	12
I'm going to need a rental car soon	12
Can you help me get a rental car in Vancouver, BC.? I need the car until the 14th.	12
Will you help me find a rental car?	12
I need to find a rental car and I need the car until March 9th.	12
Hey, I need to find a faster way to move. I'm in NY and would like to rent a car.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I need a car rental.	12
I would like to find a rental car in Delhi.	12
Can you find me a rental car?	12
I am going in a trip with my friend and I want to rent a car for it.	12
I need a rental car until next Monday, can you help?	12
I am interested in a small rental car, and I need it on the 4th of March.	12
I need help finding a rental car.	12
I would like to rent a car.	12
I'm in need of a rental car.	12
Please book me a rental car.	12
Can you find me a rental car in Los Angeles?	12
Will you help me find an intermediate rental car on the 4th of March?	12
I need to search for a rental car with CDMX	12
Hi i need a help to find a rental car, i want a Full-size car in Chi-town	12
Can you help me find a rental car, please?	12
Hello! I'd like to rent a car in CDMX on the 12th of this month.	12
I need a rental car for March 12th.	12
I want to find a rental car in Washington.	12
I need to rent a car, so please find one for me, and I need to have it for 11th of March.	12
Hey! My name is John. We are planning for a picnic and would like to rent a medium-sized car. Do you have the cars available?	12
I will need to find a car for 14:00.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need a rental car	12
Will you help me find a rental car?	12
Im looking for a car rental	12
I need to book rental car	12
I need a rental car on the 1st.	12
I wanna find a rental car.	12
I would like a rental car for March 4th in Ciudad de Mexico.	12
I need a rental car.	12
Hello, I want to find a rental car. Could you help me?	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car on Wednesday next week?	12
I want to find a rental car ins Sydney, Australia.	12
Could you check for flights leaving on the 2nd of this month and returning on the 9th of March?	5
I'm going out of town for a few days for a funeral and need some round trip flights.	5
Can you find some flight tickets for me? I prefer American Airlines.	5
Hello there, I am looking for some round trip flights to Seattle.	5
I'm looking for a flight, can you help me with this?	5
Can you search flights for me?	5
Can you help me find a round-trip flight? I'll be leaving from Los Angeles.	5
Can you find some flights for me?	5
I need a flight, expected return on the 13th	5
Look up available flights.	5
I need to book a flight for Economy and I need to return on the 10th.	5
Can you help me search for flights?	5
I need to catch a plane.	5
Can you find me a flight?	5
I'm traveling to Los Angeles. Can you help me find flights?	5
Can you search flights for me? I'm leaving from NY.	5
Can you help me search flights?	5
Can you find me a flight?	5
Could you look at flights for me? There's one person in my group.	5
can you find a flight for me	5
Hello. Can you please search for flights for me? I want to get back home on Monday next week and I am traveling to Atlanta.	5
I have to go visit my mom. Can you look up flight prices?	5
Will you help me find a flight. I prefer to travel in Economy.	5
Can you search for flights from Delta Airlines from me?	5
Please look for flights.	5
I'd like assistance in locating a flight.	5
Can you search flights for me? I'm coming from London, England with 3 people in my group.	5
Can you find flights for me? I would like to travel in Premium Economy.	5
I have upcoming . travel plans, can you help me find a flight?	5
I need a flight for the 2nd of March.	5
I'm looking for flights for two people.	5
Please search for Economy flights on the 10th of this month.	5
Can you search available fights for me?	5
Search flight for four people to SF.	5
Can you look up departure times from the San Diego airport?	5
Can you find me some flights? I'm going to Delhi, hopefully on American Airlines.	5
Can you please search some flights available? I will be leaving from Portland, OR and would prefer Economy class.	5
I need some help searching flights. 2 of us are leaving later today.	5
Can you search flights leaving from Chicago?	5
I'm going on a trip and will be flying. I need flight information please.	5
Can you please search for a flight to Las Vegas for me?	5
Hello, can you help me find a flight for one?	5
Can you look up a flight for me?	5
I am looking for a flight from Phoenix.	5
I need to find flights.	5
Can you search for some flights for me?	5
I need some help searching for flights, it should be round trip.	5
I am planning for a trip. I need your help to search for a round trip flight, can you find me something?	5
I'm going on a short business trip. Please help me find a round trip ticket with a return date of the 13th.	5
I need help finding a round trip flight.	5
I am looking to book a flight any class will do.	5
Hey, I am looking for a flight. Can you help me find any?	5
Hey, I am looking for 2 tickets for a flight.	5
I'm looking for a flight.	5
I would like a flight with United Airlines.	5
I'm looking for a flight to Atlanta, GA.	5
Please find me a flight on Delta Airlines.	5
I would like to purchase 1 flight ticket.	5
I would like to find a flight.	5
I need a flight to London.	5
I am traveling to visit my mother soon. Can you find me a flight?	5
I need to book an airline reservation.	5
I am looking for a flight. Look for flights from Delhi.	5
I'm looking for a flight to Atlanta, GA on the 3rd of March.	5
hello I am looking to book a flight.	5
I'm looking for a certain flight.	5
I would like to find a flight that returns on the 10th of March.	5
Can you find me an Economy class ticket for a flight?	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight for visiting family. I want to leave on March 6th and come back on the 10th of March.	5
Hey there, I'm looking to book a flight.	5
I am looking for a flight to San Francisco returning on 14th of March.	5
I am planning for a trip. I want to return on March 14th.	5
I am looking for American Airlines Flight for Atlanta.	5
Could you find me a flight?	5
I'm looking for a flight to Atlanta, GA.	5
I need a flight for the 11th of march for 3 people.	5
I'm planning a trip, please help me find a flight.	5
I'd like to find a flight.	5
I am looking for a flight with American Airlines.	5
Will you help me find a flight?	5
I am looking for a round trip flight to Ciudad de Mexico returning on the 7th.	5
I would like to find a flight that returns on March 11th.	5
I'm planning on going on a short trip to Los Angeles. Can you help me find a flight? I need 4 tickets.	5
I am looking for a flight, on the 6th.	5
I need a flight from Seattle, WA.	5
I am looking for a flight. I need a flight that returns on March 13th.	5
Search a flight for me.	5
please find me a flight	5
I would like to buy a plane ticket.	5
I'm looking for a flight to Seattle, WA.	5
I want to book four tickets for a flight.	5
I am hoping to book a flight with Delta Airlines for Sunday this week.	5
Hello, I am looking to book a flight.	5
Can you help me find a flight?	5
I am looking for a flight.	5
I would like to book a flight.	5
I want to book a flight for the 11th of this month.	5
I'm planning a trip, can you help me look for a flight?	5
I need help finding a bus to LAX.	2
Can you help me search for a bus? I want to go to Long Beach. I prefer flexible tickets.	2
Can you help me find a bus for four people?	2
I'm looking for an economy bus tickets. Can you help me find some?	2
I'd like to find a bus leaving from SFO on Economy extra tickets.	2
I'm thinking of going on a trip. Can you help me search for Flexible tickets for a bus?	2
I'd like to get a bus ticket - can you help me with that.	2
Hello! I'm looking for a bus to Fresno. Can you help me?	2
I'm going on a road trip and I think I'll take a bus. Can you help me book a ticket? I'm planning to leave on the 14th.	2
I am in need of going to Sacramento, CA . Can you help in searching for a bus and i also need Economy tickets	2
Will you help me find a bus that leaves from SD?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I am planning a trip from Vegas for which I need Flexible tickets in a bus, can you find something for me?	2
Hey! I am looking for transportation to travel to a function. Can you help me to find a bus?	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus? I need to leave on March 3rd.	2
Could you please help me search for a bus?	2
I need Economy tickets and can you help me in searching for a bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus and want to use Flexible tickets.	2
Find me an economy bus ticket.	2
Can you find a bus for me? I want to leave next Wednesday.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you find a bus?	2
could you help me finding a bus, please?	2
I would like to search for a bus that leaves on the 1st. I prefer Flexible tickets.	2
Hi, there! Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus for the 12th of this month?	2
Will you help me find a bus?	2
I need assistance to find a bus, please?	2
I would like to find a bus to go on a trip.	2
I plan on taking the bus for a trip on March 5th, can you help me find one?	2
I need to find a bus for 4 people leaving on March 14th.	2
Can you help me search for a bus? I prefer Flexible tickets.	2
Could you please help me search for a bus?	2
I want to go to Long Beach. Can You find me a bus connection there?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus. Any chance you could help me out there?	2
Could you direct me to the right bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus to take, can you help me search for one?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Could you find a bus for me?	2
I Need a bus now. Can you help?	2
Can you help me find a bus to SFO from Sacramento?	2
I need help finding a bus with Flexible tickets leaving on the 13th of March.	2
I am planning on leaving to see family in Sacramento on March 14th. Will assist me in finding a bus to ride?	2
Can you find a bus for me? I want to go to Long Beach, CA.	2
I want to go on a trip on 2nd of this month, please help me to find a bus.	2
Can you find me a bus to LAX?	2
Could you help me search for a bus which is departing on Monday next week?	2
I want to book a bus ticket. Can you help me find a Bus service	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Please find me a bus.	2
Can you please help me search for a bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus. I'm leaving from Long Beach.	2
I need to book a bus ticket, can you find me a seat?	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus to Sf for the 13th of this month?	2
Can you find me a bus to Philadelphia?	2
Can you please help me in searching for a bus?	2
Can you help me search for a bus? I'll need 4 seats, leaving from Anaheim, CA.	2
Me and my friends are planning to take a bus. We're four in total. Can you find a bus for us?	2
I need to find bus leaving next Wednesday.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hi, i need a help, Could you search me for a bus, I need to go to Long Beach, CA	2
I want to travel on March 9th from SFO, can you help me find a bus?	2
I plan to leave on the 8th and I need help searching for a bus.	2
I want to go to San Fran. Will you be able to look for a bus?	2
I want to book a bus, can you find one?	2
can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you please help me find a bus?	2
Can you assist me search for a bus?	2
I want to go on a trip. Can you help find a bus? I want to leave on the 14th of this month.	2
can you help me find a bus	2
Could you help me look for a bus? I would like to visit LA.	2
I want to find a bus leaving on the 6th.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hey, can you help me find a bus for a trip I'm going? I want to leave on March 13th.	2
I need help getting from Long Beach can you help me find a bus?	2
I am planning of leaving on the 14th of this month. There are 2 of us. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus?	2
i need a bus. can you help me find one?	2
I'm planning on going on a short trip with friends. Can you find me a bus?	2
I need to take a bus to Washington later today. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need help to find a bus.	2
can you get me a bus	2
I am looking for a bus can you help me? I plan to leave next Thursday.	2
Can you help me book a house?	7
Hi, I am looking forward to book a house, where three people could stay comfortably.	7
I need to make a reservation for a house.	7
I would like to book a house for the 6th.	7
I'd like to book a house for 2 people. We should be arriving on the 6th.	7
I need to reserve a house.	7
I need to reserve a house for 3 guest with a checkin date of March 8th.	7
I need to rent a house to stay in.	7
I am going on vacation soon. Can you find me a house to book?	7
I would like to book a house.	7
Do you know of any houses that I can book on the 6th?	7
I need to book a house.	7
My friends and I are looking to book a house, can you help me find one?	7
I'm going on vacation! I'd like to stay somewhere until March 13th.	7
I would like to book a house please.	7
Do you have a house available to book?	7
I'd like to rent a house from Monday next week until the 7th	7
I'd like to book a house.	7
I want to book a house that I can check out on March 9th	7
I would like to rent a house. Can you find me one that is available until the 10th of this month?	7
I am going out of town and I would like to book a house to stay in.	7
Can you help me book a house?	7
I am looking to book a house and would like to check out on the 14th of March.	7
I'd like to book a house in New York City.	7
Hello, I would like to book a house.	7
I would like to book a house for a few days.	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I am traveling to Fresno on the 11th of March. Can you book me a house?	7
I am going to be in Paris, France soon. Can you tell me how I can book a house for my stay?	7
I want to get a house.	7
I want to book a house in London, England to check into tomorrow.	7
Could you please help me book a house?	7
I want a house to book. I'm going to check in on Sunday this week.	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I want to rent a house for five people.	7
I want to make reservations for a house.	7
I want to reserve a house.	7
I want to book a stay at a house.	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I was looking to book a house.	7
I would like to reserve a house.	7
I am going on a trip with my family to Florida. Do you know of any houses I can book?	7
I'm looking to book a house.	7
I would like to book a house for one person.	7
I would like to book a house to stay at during my travels.	7
I am planning to travel to Delhi, I need to book a house.	7
Need to book a house for vacation.	7
I want to book a house. Can you please help me with that?	7
I want to book a house. Could you help me?	7
I would like to book a house for one person	7
I want to book a house while I'm traveling in SD.	7
I would like to book a house for the weekend. Can you find me rates on a few homes?	7
I would like to book a house where I can check out on March 14th.	7
I would like to book a house and check out on March 14th.	7
I need to make a booking for a house please.	7
Can I book a house for 2 people please.	7
I would like to book a house for one person to stay in.	7
I'm going on a personal trip and would like to book a house. I want to check-in on the 1st of this month. It will be just 1 person.	7
I want to book a house for three people.	7
I'm travelling to Philadelphia and need to reserve an appartment.	7
On March 1st, I would like to book an entire house. Is this at all possible?	7
I want to book a house in Sydney, NSW.	7
Hello, I would like to make a booking for a house please	7
A group of three of us would like to book a house.	7
I'd like to reserve a house for March 3rd.	7
I am looking to book a house for my upcoming vacation.	7
i need to book a house.	7
I want to book a house.	7
I think instead of an hotel, I would like to book a house.	7
I got to book the home	7
I need to book a house as i am traveling to London, UK	7
I will be going to NY, can you book me a house?	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I am traveling to LAX. Can you help me book a house near there?	7
I'd like to rent a house for a short period of time.	7
We want to rent a house for 5 people	7
I need to book a house.	7
I'm planning on going travelling, and want to book accommodation.	7
I would like to book a house.	7
I need a house soon. Is the 6th available?	7
I would like to rent a house and check in on the 12th of March.	7
I want to book a house and will check out on the 14th.	7
I want to book a house.	7
I need to book a house	7
I'd like to book a house.	7
I want to book a house. Can you find me one?	7
Hello, I would like to book a house today.	7
Can you help me find a bus leaving from SF? I would prefer Flexible tickets?	2
Could you help me get a bus for one person?	2
I want a bus to go to Long Beach, CA.	2
Are you able to help me find a bus?	2
I want to find a bus. Can you help me with that?	2
Can you help me get a bus ticket for 1 person.	2
Can you get me a bus ticket? I want an economy seat.	2
I'm going on a quick road trip to see a friend and need to get a bus. Can you find me Economy extra tickets out of SD?	2
Can you help me search for a bus leaving from Anaheim? I would prefer Economy tickets.	2
I'm looking for a bus to San Fran.	2
Could you help me look for a bus? I am departing from Anaheim, CA.	2
Can you help me find a bus to Anaheim? I'll be leaving from San Diego.	2
I have a plan for a short trip and I need to search for a bus.	2
I need a bus. Can you find one for me?	2
I'm going travelling, can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus for 2 people?	2
Can you tell me where I can catch a bus?	2
I need to find a bus. Can you do that? I need economy tickets.	2
Can you help me find out a bus schedule?	2
I need to meet my friends after a long time. Will you find a bus that suits for 1 people?	2
Could you help me to find a bus, please?	2
Can you please find me Economy bus tickets?	2
Can you search for a bus ticket please?	2
I'm in charge of my best friend's bachelor party and need to find a bus that will fit 4 people.	2
I need to take a bus to Portland, OR, can you help me find a bus leaving on the 9th?	2
I would like to search for a bus.	2
I need to go on a trip to visit my family. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus for a trip that i'm taking?	2
Can you help me search for a bus? I've got a preference for Economy extra tickets.	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I am planning a trip to SFO next friday. Can you search a bus for me?	2
Hi. Can you help me make a bus reservation from Portland, OR?	2
I'm planning a trip, can you find me a bus ticket?	2
I need help finding a bus ticket for the 2nd, any ticket type will be fine.	2
You can help me to find a bus?	2
Could you find me a bus leaving on March 1st?	2
Can you help me find a bus, I want Flexible tickets please.	2
Will you look in for a bus for me please?	2
Can you find a bus for four people?	2
I'm looking for a bus from Sacramento on Tuesday next week	2
In day to day work i forgot to book a train so will you find me bus to go to SD	2
I am searching for a bus.	2
I'm searching for a bus to go to Sacramento, CA on March 4th.	2
Can you help me find a bus going to LA?	2
I'm looking for a bus.	2
Hi there, I was wondering if you could help me find a bus.	2
Can you assist me in finding Economy tickets for a bus trip?	2
I plan on leaving from Anaheim, CA to go on a short trip. Could you please find me a bus?	2
Please search me a bus?	2
Could you help me find a bus to leave on the 1st?	2
I need to take a bus, can you help?	2
I need a bus.	2
I need to find a bus route.	2
I'm going to a music festival on March 10th in SF. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hello, I was hoping you could help me search for bus tickets? I am looking for Economy extra tickets.	2
I am looking for flexible bus tickets from Vegas. Can you help me search the bus?	2
I wan to find a bus to San Diego.	2
I need a bus leaving from Anaheim.	2
I need to take a bus.	2
Will you help me find Economy extra tickets on a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need help finding a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus. I want to travel to SD and would like an economy ticket.	2
I need to get a bus now. It is for two.	2
I'm going on a trip, can you help me search for a bus?	2
Would you find me a bus?	2
Me and my friends are taking a trip to Long Beach, CA. Can you help me find an economy extra ticket?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need to take a bus out of town. Can you help me find one?	2
Could you help me in finding a bus?	2
Can you help me search bus tickets for one passenger?	2
Can you help me with finding a bus?	2
I need to search for a bus, can you help me out?	2
I want to find a bus! I am leaving from Long Beach, CA and I prefer Flexible tickets.	2
Will you help me find Economy extra tickets on a bus that leaves from Anaheim?	2
I want a bus. I am leaving from Vegas.	2
I need to find a bus from Fresno, can you help?	2
I am planing a short trip and would like to travel by bus. Could you help me find one that is available?	2
Do you have a bus available for 4 people?	2
Can you help search a bus for two	2
Please can you help me search for a bus. I'm leaving from Sacramento. There are three people.	2
Can you help me find a bus that will take me to Anaheim, CA?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
I am looking to travel. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you search for a bus for two people please? I would like to leave on the 8th of this month.	2
i am looking for a bus from Fresno, CA	2
Can you please help me search for a bus? I am planning to leave on the 9th of this month.	2
I need help looking for a bus, I am leaving from San Francisco and I want to go to Sacramento	2
Can you help me find a bus? I want to go to Portland.	2
Can you help me find a way to get to Washington by bus. I want to leave on 13th of March.	2
Can you help me find a bus for 3 people?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need to get to work. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need to search for a bus, can you help?	2
I need to find a bus leaving on the 12th of March for San Fran.	2
Would you help me find a bus trip? I prefer Economy extra tickets.	2
Kindly help me search for a bus.	2
I need help searching for a bus.	2
I need to find a bus ticket for 1 person for the 8th of this month.	2
Hello! Can you please help me search for a bus ticket? There will be four travelers.	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus, please?	2
Could you assist in searching for a bus departing from LAX?	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus for one person to Los Angeles?	2
Can you help me find a bus ticket? I need tickets for 2 people and I want to go to SD.	2
Can you help me find a bus departing from Seattle?	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you help me find 1 ticket for a bus to Portland?	2
I'm looking for a bus for 2 people. I'll leave on 14th of March.	2
I need to go to long beach for vacation. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need some Economy extra bus tickets.	2
I need to go to Sacramento by bus.	2
Can you help me out and look for a bus for me?	2
Is there a bus that leaves from Anaheim to SD?	2
I'm thinking of going out of town. Could you please help me find a bus?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus, please?	2
I need a bus to Fresno.	2
Would you help me searh for a bus?	2
I need to find a bus for my trip	2
I'm getting a bus from Fresno, CA - can you help?	2
Hey, can you help me find a bus? I want to go to LAX.	2
I need a bus for 2 people.	2
I need assistance finding a bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need help with a travel bus?	2
I need to search for a bus for four people on the 1st.	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Can you find me a bus	2
I want to go to San Fran - can you help me search for a bus?	2
please help me search for buses.	2
I need a bus for 2 people.	2
I need your help looking for a bus that goes to SD.	2
I am looking for a bus that can take me from SF to Sacramento, CA. Can you help me?	2
I need a bus for one please.	2
I'm looking for a bus from Sacramento, CA to San Diego	2
Hello! Can you help me find a bus leaving Fresno, CA?	2
I would like to get a bus to travel.	2
I'm planning on taking a trip with a friend. We are leaving on the 7th. Could you please help me find a bus for our trip?	2
Can you find me a bus leaving on March 14th?	2
Will you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
Please help me to find a bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Please help me search for a bus.	2
I'd like to find a bus?	2
I'll be leaving LA. Search buses for me. I'll be needing one ticket.	2
Hey there, can you get me a bus to San Diego?	2
I am looking for a bus. I want to go to San Diego	2
I need to find a bus. Can you assist me with that?	2
Can you search a bus for me to San Diego?	2
I would like a bus to go to LA	2
Can you help me find a bus to Vancouver?	2
I need to find a bus, can you help?	2
I'm looking for a bus to take on the 1st of this month.	2
Please help me in searching a bus.	2
I need a bus leaving on 1st of this month.	2
I need to find a bus and I only need 1 seat.	2
I'm looking for a bus. Can you help?	2
Would you please find me a bus?	2
I need a bus ride, can you help me find one?	2
Can you help me search for a bus leaving from Anaheim, CA?	2
I'd like to find a bus. Can you assist me?	2
I need to find a bus to San Francisco on the 9th of March.	2
Can you search for a bus to Vancouver.	2
There is one meeting for me, can you find a bus?	2
I need a bus for 2 people , we will be leaving from Portland, OR.	2
Can you find me a bus leaving from Las Vegas?	2
Im looking for a bus can you help me?	2
I need you to find me a bus.	2
I need your help finding a bus.	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Could you help me search for a bus for my upcoming trip? I plan on leaving on the 13th of this month.	2
I am in need of having a bus and I would like for it to be for 2 people.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus? I anticipate departing on 13th of March.	2
I am going on vacation, could you help me find a bus?	2
Hi, I am looking for a bus ticket for 1 to leave on the the 12th, can you help me?	2
I need a bus for three people.	2
Can you search for a bus for me?	2
I would like to find a bus for a trip leaving on the 2nd.	2
I need help searching for a bus	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
My friend and I are leaving from Sacramento for a vacation. Would you be able to help me search for a bus ticket for the two of us?	2
Can you help me search for a bus? I'm leaving from Anaheim.	2
I need a bus to San Francisco.	2
Could you please help me find a bus to San Francisco on the 12th?	2
Help me find a bus that is leaving on this Saturday	2
Can you please look for a bus from Anaheim to San Francisco?	2
I need to find a bus please.	2
I need assistance with looking for a bus.	2
I'm traveling on the 4th of March leaving Portland, OR and need help finding a bus.	2
I need assistance to locate a bus.	2
Can you locate a bus for me ? We have three people in our group.	2
Can you find me a bus? I will leave from Sacramento.	2
I need to find a bus from Seattle.	2
I need to find a bus, can you help me?	2
Hi! I'm looking for a bus going to Philly.	2
I need to find a bus for four people.	2
Can you help me find bus schedules?	2
Can you help me search for a bus?	2
I am searching for a bus leaving from Fresno	2
Hi, Can you help me to find a bus?	2
Could you help me find a bus to SD?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Where can I get a bus to Seattle, WA?	2
Can you help me find a bus leaving from long beach?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Can you help me look for a bus?	2
I'm going on a trip and need to get bus tickets. Can you help me?	2
Can you help to book a bus for me?	2
Can you help me search for a bus that is leaving from SF?	2
Please look for a bus for 3 people.	2
I want to go to Chicago. Can you find me a bus there?	2
Can you help me find a bus leaving from Anaheim that could accommodate 4 people.	2
I am traveling, can you help me find a bus?	2
Could you find me a bus?	2
Could you assist me in finding a bus?	2
I'm leaving on the 8th of March from SF. Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you please help me look for a bus?	2
I am wanting to find a dentist.	15
Can you please find me a dentist?	15
Are there any dentists in Sunnyvale, because I really need to find one!	15
Can you find me a dentist in Pleasant Hill.	15
I need a dentist	15
Could you find a dentist in Gilroy.	15
Please find a dentist for me.	15
Find me a dentist please.	15
Hello! I need assistance finding a dentist in San Jose.	15
I need to find a dentist in Morgan Hill.	15
Can you look for a dentist for me?	15
I need help finding a dentist.	15
I have just noticed a big problem on my teeth, i need to find a doctor. Can you do that, please?	15
I need a cleaning so can you get me a dentist?	15
Help me locate a dentist please	15
Can you find a dentist in San Jose?	15
My teeth hurt. Get me a dentist.	15
I need a dentist in San Jose.	15
Could you find me a dentist	15
Hey, could you find me a dentist?	15
Could you find me a dentist?	15
I'm looking for a dentist, could you find me one?	15
I am looking for a dentist. Someone around the San Carlos area that specializes in cosmetic services.	15
San Jose the dentist I need to find	15
I'm needing some work on my teeth. Can you find me a good, local dentist?	15
I am looking to find a good dentist for the dental work I need done. Could you find me one in the Pittsburg area please?	15
Could you search for a dentist?	15
I am looking for a dentist nearby. Can you show me dentist locations nearby?	15
My teeth have been hurting lately, do you think you could find me a dentist?	15
Can you find me an dentist in my nearby?	15
Could you help me find a dentist?	15
Can you look for a dentist for me?	15
Can you find me a dentist in Gilroy?	15
I am looking for a dentist near Castro Valley . Can you find me one ?	15
Can you find me a dentist in San Jose	15
Hi, I'm looking for a dentist.	15
Could you please find me a dentist?	15
I need your help in finding a dentist in San Jose.	15
Please find me a dentist in Cupertino.	15
My tooth has been hurting lately, where can I find a dentist?	15
I've been wanting to fix my crooked teeth for a while. Can you find me a good dentist that practices cosmetic dentistry.	15
Can you find me a dentist in Petaluma.	15
Find me a dentist.	15
I'd like to find a dentist.	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I need to go to a dentist to have my teeth cleaned. I also want an exam to assess the possibility of repairing two chipped front teeth. Would you please see if there is a dentist I can visit in Sebastopol?	15
Hello, can you please find me a dentist?	15
I've been having this toothache since yesterday. Do you know of any dentists around here in San Jose?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
could you find me dentist	15
Would you help me find a dentist in Sunnyvale?	15
Hi, I'm looking for a cosmetic dentist in San Leandro	15
I need to find a dentist that has cosmetic options.	15
Can you find a dentist for me?	15
Please help me find a dentist	15
i am supposed to get my teeth cleaned today, could you assist me in finding a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist	15
Could you find me a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist in Hayward.	15
I need help finding a dentist.	15
Will you help me with a dentist?	15
I would like a teeth clean. Where can I find a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Could you please find me a dentist near me?	15
Can you find me a dentist located in Milpitas?	15
Can you find me a dentist that offers cosmetic services?	15
I need to go to the dentist. Can you find me one?	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I need help finding a dentist in El Sobrante.	15
Help me find a dentist please	15
Can you look for a dentist?	15
Find a dentist in SFO.	15
I need a dentist in San Ramon.	15
It would be nice of you to find me a dentist.	15
can you find me a dentist in pittsburg	15
I need help finding a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Could you find me a local dentistry nearby?	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
I am looking for a dentist	15
Please find me a dentist	15
What dentists are there in Mountain View? I need to have my teeth looked at.	15
Kindly find me a dentist.	15
I have a dental problem and I need to find a dentist.	15
Please find me a dentist.	15
Can you get a dentist for me.	15
I'm looking for a dentist in San Jose.	15
Hey, could you find me a dentist?	15
Can you locate a dentist for me?	15
I want to find a salon that is unisex.	15
I'm looking for a hair salon, can you help me with that?	15
Can you find me a unisex salon in Vacaville	15
I wanna change my hair style, help me find a salon	15
I want to find a salon.	15
Help me find a salon in San Francisco	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I am looking for a salon in Redwood City.	15
I need a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Foster City.	15
Can you please help me find a nearby salon?	15
I want to find a unisex salon in Walnut Creek.	15
Can you find me a salon in Fremont?	15
Hi, I am from SF, I want find a Good Salon.	15
I am looking for a unisex salon in Concord.	15
I need to you to locate a salon for me.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like you to find me a salon please.	15
I am on a vacation trip here , I want to find a salon and I want a salon in Walnut Creek.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
Hello, I am looking for somewhere to get my haircut. Is there a salon nearby?	15
I would like to find a salon in Mountain View.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon in Fairfield.	15
I would like help finding a salon.	15
Please find me a unisex hair salon in SFO	15
I'm searching for a salon.	15
I am looking for a salon.	15
I want to find a salon that is nearby.	15
I want to find a hair salon?	15
HI, I am looking for a salon in San Jose.	15
Hello, I am looking for a salon.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I am looking for a salon in SF.	15
I want to find a salon.	15
I am looking to get a haircut at a beauty salon.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I want to go take a hair cut. Can you help me find a salon?	15
I'm looking for a salon in Burlingame.	15
Help me find a unisex salon	15
Do you know of a salon in the area?	15
I want to go for some beauty treatment, can you find me a salon?	15
I'm meeting a friend at a unisex salon later to get our hair done. Can you find me a salon in Sunnyvale?	15
I want to find a unisex salon in Berkeley.	15
Find me a salon in Sunnyvale	15
I am looking for a unisex salon which should be in Berkeley.	15
help me find a salon located in Fremont.	15
I am looking for a salon in San Jose. Can you help me find a salon?	15
I need to find a salon in Sunnyvale	15
I am looking for a Salon	15
I would like to find a salon in San Leandro.	15
Can you find me a Salon?	15
I would like to find a salon in SFO.	15
I'm new to the area and I'm trying to find a salon. Do you know of any here in SF?	15
Can you find me a salon?	15
Hey, can you find me a salon?	15
I need a hair salon.	15
Please find me a salon	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
I want to do a haircut in unisex Salon. Can you find a salon in San Rafael.	15
Can you help me find a unisex salon in Benicia?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I want to find a salon in Walnut Creek.	15
I'm looking for a salon in Mountain View, please	15
I'd like to find a salon in San Fran.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
Can you find me a salon in Los Gatos?	15
I am new to the city. I want to find a unisex salon in Saratoga.	15
I want to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon in pleasant hill.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
Hello, I would like to find a salon that caters to both men, and women.	15
I need a new hairstyle. Can you find the nearest salon?	15
I would like to find a salon in Pleasanton.	15
Can you help me locate a salon?	15
I would like to find a salon, please.	15
I am in need of a haircut. Is there a salon nearby?	15
Can you find me a salon in San Jose?	15
Are there any salons in Stanford?	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I need to find a doctor because I have an earache.	15
I need to do my yearly physical. Can you find me a doctor in Los Gatos?	15
Could you please find me a doctor - a general practitioner.	15
I am not feeling well some kind of Dizziness and feverish. I need to consult a doctor . Will you find a doctor in Novato , who should be a General Practitioner?	15
I am not feeling well. Can you find me a General Practitioner?	15
Hi, could you please find me a dermatologist?	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to look for a doctor, can you help me out?	15
I would like to locate a Dermatologist near Los Altos.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need to find a Doctor?	15
I'm looking for a doctor.	15
I would like to find a new doctor, preferably a General Practitioner. Could you help me with this?	15
Can you find me a doctor	15
i am looking for a general practitioner in Berkeley	15
I'd like to find a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
I need to go see an Ophthalmologist. Can you find me one in Lafayette?	15
Can you find me a doctor in Oakland?	15
Can you help me find a new doctor?	15
I'm looking for a doctor's appointment, with a General Practitioner.	15
I'm looking for a General Practitioner, can you recommend someone in Larkspur?	15
I need to find a General Practitioner near me please.	15
Do you know where i can find a doctor?	15
I am looking for a doctor. Can you find me a doctor in San Jose?	15
Find me a doctor in San Jose.	15
I need a doctor.	15
I want to find a doctor	15
I am looking for a General Practitioner doctor.	15
Hey I need a good doctor, do you have any recommendations?	15
Hi, I need to find a doctor.	15
I am looking for a General Practitioner. Can you find something in Sebastopol?	15
I want to search for a doctor.	15
Hello, I recently moved and need to find a new doctor.	15
I am trying to find a doctor in Petaluma.	15
I am looking for a General Practitioner. Could you please find one for me in Daly City?	15
Can you find a doctor for me?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I am in need of a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I am in need of a doctor, please find something near the Burlingame General Hospital.	15
I've been sick these last few days and I'm now looking for a doctor so I can try to figure out what it is. Do you know of anyone around Martinez?	15
Can you find me a general practitioner in Los Gatos?	15
I am searching for a doctor in Redwood City, if that is possible.	15
Can you find me a doctor. I need a General Practitioner, not a specialist.	15
I'd like to find a doctor.	15
Could you help me find a doctor?	15
I am looking to find a doctor.	15
Hi, I am looking for a Doctor for my friend	15
I'm after a general Practitioner.	15
Hey! I am not feeling good and looking for a Physician.	15
Could you find me a doctor nearby?	15
I'm looking for a good dermatologist. Can you find me a well qualified dermatologist?	15
I am looking for an ophthalmologist.	15
I need to find a Ophthalmologist.	15
I am look for a doctor who is a General Practitioner.	15
I feel sick, i have to go to the doctor urgentlly, plase check the avalible one in Pleasanton	15
I need a doctor.	15
Hi do you know any doctors?	15
can you find me a doctor	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Help me find a doctor please	15
I need a doctor, a General Practitioner.	15
I have just moved to the area, can you recommend a local doctor?	15
I'm looking for a General Practitioner.	15
Can you search a doctor for me?	15
I need to get a check up from a Gynecologist.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to see a doctor, find me a Gynecologist please.	15
Can you find me a doctor?	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
I need a doctor in Mountain View.	15
I am trying to find a doctor to help me with a medical issue.	15
Can you help me find a doctor, a General Practitioner in particular. Search for in the Walnut Creek area.	15
I had an allergic reaction and need to schedule an appointment with a doctor. Can you recommend one for me?	15
I want to find a Gynecologist for checkup. I want somebody in Gilroy to be exact.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need a doctor because I am sick. I need an ENT Specialist. Can you find someone in Mountain View.	15
I need to see a doctor in the Napa area.	15
I need to go see a doctor. Can you help me find one?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need help looking for a doctor.	15
I need a doctor in Emeryville, please.	15
I am looking for a Dermatologist in Dublin.	15
I need to find a 2 bathroom apartment in Fremont.	6
I need information about an apartment.	6
I am looking for a two bathroom apartment.	6
I need an apartment with one bed rooms	6
I'm looking for an apartment with two baths, help me out.	6
I am looking to move soon and currently apartment hunting can you help?	6
I would like to find an apartment with three baths.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Will you help me find an apartment with 3 bedrooms?	6
I'm looking for an apartment with 4 bedrooms.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Find me an apartment in Fremont that has four bed rooms.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Hi! I'm here to find an accomodation.	6
I want to find a pet friendly apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment that allows pets. It should also have one bathroom.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I'm trying to find an apartment in Hayward please.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I don't have where to sleep tonight and I want an appartment with two bedroom, in San Jose.	6
I want to find apartment where pets are allowed.	6
I need an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I want to find a 2 bedroom apartment.	6
I need an apartment	6
I want to find a three bedroom apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment, where I can have pets.	6
I want an apartment with two baths.	6
i am looking for a apartment.	6
I am looking for a funished apartment with one bath.	6
Hello! I'm here to find an accomodation with 3 bathrooms. Can you help me?	6
I want apartment where pets are allowed	6
I am looking for a one bedroom apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment, with at least 4 rooms.	6
I'd like to find a 2 bedroom apartment can you help me find one?	6
I would like to find an apartment, which should have at least 3 baths.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I want an apartment and I want it in Newark.	6
I am looking for a place to move to. An apartment would be perfect for me.	6
I'm moving soon and I need a place to live! I'm in the market for an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment in San Jose.	6
I need an apartment, can you find for me?	6
I'm looking for a new apartment. Can you help me find one?	6
Hello, I would like to find an apartment for myself.	6
I need help finding an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment where pets are allowed.	6
I've decided to move. Can you find me an apartment?	6
I need a one bedroom apartment that allows pets.	6
I am looking for an apartment with one bathroom. I should allow pets.	6
I need to find an apartment in Menlo Park.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
Looking for apartment in Mountain View	6
I am moving to a new city for my job. Can you find me an apartment?	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for a apartment.	6
I am looking to move out of my share-house. Can you help me find a new apartment?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment	6
I am looking for an apartment, and that in this apartment I can have pets.	6
I want to find an apartment with three bedrooms and baths.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I'm looking for a new apartment.	6
I'm looking to find an apartment. Can you help find me one?	6
I want to find an apartment in Corte Madera.	6
I need to find a pet-friendly apartment.	6
Hey, I'm thinking of moving out. Can you find me a three baths apartment?	6
I want to find an apartment that has 2 baths.	6
I am new in town and would like to find an apartment to rent.	6
I'm looking for an apartment. Pet friendly and it needs to have one bath .	6
I need a 2 bedroom apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
Please help me to get an apartment.	6
I need an apartment and need well furnished apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment that allows pets?	6
Can you find me and my pet an apartment with one bath?	6
I need to move out of my parent's house. I really want to find my own apartment.	6
Hello, I need to find an apartment suitable for a small family. It should have 4 bedrooms and 3 baths.	6
I want to find a furnished apartment	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
Can you help me find an apartment that will allow pets? I'm thinking of moving out	6
I'd like to find a new apartment.	6
I want to find a furnished apartment.	6
I would like to find a one bedroom apartment.	6
I would like to look for an apartment?	6
I'm on the hunt for a new apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I want to find an apartment with one bath.	6
I need an apartment. Can you help me?	6
I'm looking for a one bedroom apartment.	6
I'm looking for a 1 bedroom apartment	6
I need helping finding a new apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment, please have at least 1 bath.	6
Can you find me a 2 bedroom apartment?	6
I need to find an apartment	6
I want to find an apartment that has 3 baths and allows pets.	6
I want to find an apartment with three bed rooms	6
I want an apartment.	6
I need a place to live. Any apartments nearby?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment to move to.	6
I have a pet and I want that apartment whom allow pets.	6
I'm after an apartment with 3 baths.	6
I want to search an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I'd like to find an apartment in El Cerrito.	6
I need to find an apartment	6
I want to find a 1 bedroom apartment.	6
I want an apartment that is allowed to have pets	6
Can you find a pet friendly apartment?	6
I'm moving to the area and am interested in finding an apartment that has two baths. I have a large family.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment in the area.	6
I'm looking for an apartment that has two baths.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I need a 2 bedroom apartment with 2 baths.	6
Hello I'm here to search for an apartment.	6
I need to locate an apartment. Can you help?	6
Help me find an apartment.	6
I'm looking for a 2 bath apartment to rent. Can you help me?	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Hello. I'm currently looking for a new apartment. Can you please help me look for one?	6
I'm looking for apartments near Sunnyvale.	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
I'm looking around for a new apartment. Can you help me find one?	6
I want to find a three bed room apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment	6
I am looking for an apartment in Suisun City.	6
I need a place to live. Are you aware of any available apartments?	6
I would like to find a three bedroom apartment.	6
I am searching an apartment which should have atleast one baths	6
I wanna find an apartment with three bed rooms in Santa Clara	6
I would like to find an apartment with two baths.	6
Find me an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in Hayward where pets are allowed.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment with two baths	6
i want to find an apartment that accepts pets	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for a new apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I just moved to this city for a new job, and I need to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I wish to find an apartment located in San Jose.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I am looking for an apartment with one bath.	6
I need help finding an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment with three baths.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I am searching for an apartment with 4 bed rooms in Berkeley.	6
I would like to find an apartment that has three baths.	6
I am moving to Mountain View and looking for an apartment	6
I want to find an apartment in Hayward.	6
I want to find a 2 bedroom apartment.	6
Hello. I need to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment in El Sobrante, and it needs to allow pets.	6
I would like to find a three bed room apartment.	6
What's my balance?	1
Can you check my balance of checking account?	1
I would like to check my balance	1
I was expecting funds to be transferred to my account today. Could you please check my balance?	1
I need to check my savings account balance. Can you do that for me?	1
Can you help me check my balance on my bank account?	1
I want to check the balance of my checking account. Please do it for me.	1
I would like to know my balance	1
Hello, Linda! I am planning to buy some home furniture from the Home depot and wish to use my debit card. Before that Please can you tell me what is the balance available in my savings account?	1
I would like to check the balance in my savings account.	1
Can you check my balance for me please?	1
I'd like to verify my balance.	1
Check my balance please.	1
I need to check my balance	1
I am looking to make a large purchase and need to check my bank balance.	1
Before I pay my bills for the month I would like to check my balance.	1
Can you help me check my balance please, I haven't check it in a while	1
I would like to check the balance in my savings account, please.	1
I would like to check the balance in my checking account.	1
Hello, could you help me check my checking account balance?	1
I want to know my checking account balance.	1
I want to check my savings account balance.	1
Can you check my savings account balance please?	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
I wanted to check my balance in the account	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
I need to check my balance.	1
I need to check my balance.	1
Man, how much money do I have in the bank?	1
Can you help me to check the balance in my savings account?	1
I want to make sure I have plenty of money to spare. I'd like to see how much I have in my savings account.	1
I'd like to check the balance in my account.	1
I want to know my balance	1
I'd like to verify my balance.	1
I want to check the balance of my checking account	1
I want to check my balance.	1
Check the balance of my savings account please.	1
I wonder what my balance is?	1
Can you check my bank account balance please?	1
Hey, can I check my bank balance?	1
I need to pay some bills. What is my bank balance.	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
I would like to check the balance on my account, please.	1
I need to check my balance.	1
What's my balance?	1
What's my balance?	1
i want to check my balance about my checking account.	1
I need to what my balance in my savings account is.	1
I want to check my balance of my checking account.	1
Could you find out my balance please.	1
I want to check my balance.	1
I need to see what my checking account balance is after paying my bills.	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
I want to see how much I have in my savings account.	1
I want to know the balance of my savings account.	1
I'd like to check the balance of my savings account.	1
Hello, I would like to check my balance.	1
I want to check my balance.	1
What is my current balance?	1
I need to make a pretty big purchase, but I want to check my account balance first. Would you check it for me, please?	1
Hey, could you please check my balance?	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
I would like to know the balance in my savings account.	1
Can you tell me what the balance in my checking account is?	1
Can you please help me check my bank account balance?	1
I would like to see what my balance is.	1
I would like to check my balance please.	1
I want to check the balance of my checking account.	1
What is my balance?	1
Can you tell me what the balance is in my savings account?	1
Hello, can you check my balance at the bank for me?	1
I want to check my balance in my savings account.	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
Can you check my bank balance?	1
I want to check my balance	1
I want to see my balance.	1
Can you tell me how much money I have in my checking account?	1
I want to know my balance in the checking account.	1
I need to know about my savings account. Would you please check my current balance?	1
I want to see my savings account balance.	1
Can you check my balance for me?	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
I nee to check my balance.	1
Please tell me my checking account balance.	1
I want to check my savings account balance.	1
I'd like to check my balance; specifically, about my savings account.	1
I would like to check my balance	1
Can you tell my savings account balance?	1
I would like to check my balance in my account	1
I want to check my savings account balance	1
I need to check my balance.	1
I want to see my balance	1
I want to check my savings account balance.	1
I want to check my balance in my checking account.	1
Hello. I need to check my balance.	1
I am trying to check my balance.	1
I want to check my checking account balance	1
I want to check my bank balance.	1
Please give me my checking account balance.	1
I would like to check my checking account balance.	1
Check my balance on checking account	1
I would like to check my current balance	1
I need to check the balance of my savings account.	1
Could you help me find a dentist which is located in San Ramon?	15
I'm looking for a dentist, can you find one for me?	15
Help me to find a good dentist in Gilroy.	15
I'm interested in making an appointment at a dentist. Can you help?	15
I have a toothache and need to visit a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist in San Jose.	15
Could you find me a dentist nearby?	15
I think my son needs braces. Can you help me find a good dentist?	15
I need you to find me a dentist.	15
Could you find me a dentist please?	15
Do you have any recommendations for dentists in town?	15
Hello, I'm looking for a dentist in the Mountain View area.	15
I need to see a dentist. Could you find one for me?	15
Can you find dentist's listings?	15
I am looking for a dentist.	15
Hey, can you help me search for dentists? I've got a tooth ache today and I'm a little worried about it.	15
I need to make an appointment, find me a dentist nearby.	15
I am looking for a dentist	15
I would like to find a dentist, please.	15
Can you find me a dentist in Antioch? I'm looking for ones that have cosmetic services.	15
I need a cleaning, please give me dentists.	15
Can you search for a dentist in Mountain View?	15
I need some help finding a dentist.	15
I require the services of a dentist.	15
Can you search for a dentist for me?	15
Can you find me a dentist in Gilroy?	15
My tooth is killing me. I need a dentist.	15
I need to go to the dentist. Can you find me one in SF?	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
Could you find me a dentist? I'm looking for one that offers cosmetic services.	15
I would like to find a dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
Can you find a dentist for me?	15
Can you find me a dentist. Find something in Santa Clara.	15
Please find me a dentist	15
Would you please find me a dentist?	15
Do you know any dentists?	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I would like to find a dentist in Fremont.	15
Could you help me find a dentist in Sunnyvale?	15
Please find me a dentist in Cupertino.	15
Will you please find me a dentist? My tooth is aching.	15
I need to get a checkup and see how my teeth are doing. What are my options for dentists?	15
Could you find me a dentist in Fremont?	15
I'm looking for a dentist in San Jose	15
Can you find me a dentist in San Carlos?	15
I need to go to a dentist urgently. Find me one, please	15
I need to find a salon in San Fran.	15
I need help finding a salon.	15
I want to find a salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I'm looking to go to a salon in San Mateo.	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon in San Jose. Can you help?	15
I want to find a salon in Hayward.	15
Are there any salon's near Redwood city?	15
I would like to get a haircut. Can you find me a unisex salon nearby?	15
Hey, I'd like to get me hair cut, can you find me a unisex salon?	15
I want to find a salon.	15
I want to go to the salon. Can you find one for me?	15
Can you locate a salon for me?	15
Can you recommend a salon?	15
I need to get a haircut. Can you find a salon for me?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I would like to find a salon in San Fran, and I'd like it to be unisex.	15
I want to find a salon, but it must be a unisex salon.	15
I want a Salon in Cupertino, can you find?	15
I want to find a unisex salon in San Fran.	15
I want to find a salon in SF.	15
yes we have couple located in redwood city	15
Hi I am looking for a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I'd like to find a salon in San Jose.	15
I want to find a salon in Pinole.	15
I am needing to get my hair cut. Could you find me a salon?	15
Can you find me a salon in Healdsburg?	15
Hello, I'd like to find a salon.	15
I want to find a salon	15
I need you to find me a unisex salon in Pleasant Hill.	15
I want to find a unisex salon.	15
Can you find me a salon?	15
Can you find me a salon?	15
I'm looking for a salon in Burlingame.	15
I would like to find a salon in SF.	15
I want to find a a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I am looking for a salon.	15
Can you look for a unisex salon nearby? I'm in San Jose	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I would like to locate a salon. The salon that I'm looking for must be unisex.	15
can you find me a salon in SF?	15
I am looking for a unisex salon located in San Mateo.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I would like to find a salon in the city of San Jose.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I'm looking for a doctor.	15
I'd like to find a doctor.	15
Hey there, I am looking for a doctor.	15
I am looking for an Ophthalmologist near Castro Valley.	15
I need a doctor	15
Hello, please can you check whether the General Practitioner, Adam E Paley in Redwood city is available for I have to consult a doctor?	15
I am looking for a General Practitioner in San Jose.	15
Pull up a list of doctors for me please	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I am searching for a new doctor. Could you help me with this?	15
I am in need of a physician.	15
I would like to search for a doctor.	15
I's like to find a General Practitioner doctor.	15
I'd like to find a doctor.	15
I need to book a doctors appointment	15
Can you find me a doctor please?	15
I haven't been feeling well lately. Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I have planned to check my health and I need to find a doctor in Oakland, can you help me?	15
I need an Ophthalmologist.	15
I'd like to find a doctor in Los Gatos.	15
I need a doctors appointment. Look for a Gynecologist in Berkeley.	15
i am looking for a doctor	15
Hello. I am looking for a doctor nearby.	15
I'm currently trying to find a reputable doctor. Any suggestions?	15
I am looking for a doctor. Ophthalmologist specifically.	15
I want to find a doctor which is located in San Jose.	15
I need to find a doctor around here in San Francisco please.	15
Please find me a doctor.	15
I am seeking a doctor in San Fran.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I am looking for a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor. Look in Novato.	15
I'm looking for a doctor.	15
I am looking for a doctor in San Ramon.	15
I'm looking for a Gynecologist. Can you find one in Fremont?	15
I'm looking for a doctor.	15
I need a doctor. Can you help me find something in Redwood City?	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I am looking for an Ophthalmologist in Concord.	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need to see a doctor soon, do you have a recommendation for one?	15
I am looking for a doctor in Castro Valley.	15
I am looking for a General Practitioner to make an appointment.	15
Can you please help me find a doctor?	15
I am planning to go to a medical check with a General Practitioner. Can you find one nearby Hayward?	15
I need a doctor in Los Gatos.	15
I am looking for a Doctor in my area. Can you help me find something in Morgan Hill?	15
I need to find a General Practitioner doctor in San Jose.	15
Hello! I'm interested in renting a house. Can you help me?	7
Please Find a house to stay with laundry service	7
I find hotel rooms too impersonal. Please find me a house to stay.	7
I'm looking for a house to stay in for the night.	7
I'm looking to find a new home	7
I want a house to stay in and it must have a rating of 4.3 or higher.	7
Can you find me a house to stay in?	7
I'm looking for a house	7
Can you get me a house to vacation in?	7
I want to find a house to stay at.	7
I want to find a house to stay.	7
Hello! I'm going to be travelling and need to find a house to stay at. Can you help me find a house with a minimum rating of 4.2?	7
I'm looking for a house to stay, for just 1 person. It needs to have a laundry service though. Is there anything available?	7
I want a house to stay in.	7
Can you help me find a house to stay in while I'm visiting Paris?	7
I would like to find a house to stay at.	7
I like to shift my house for a peaceful environment. Will you please find a house?	7
I need to rent a house in Toronto, Canada.	7
I need to find a house to rent.	7
I was hoping to find a house to stay in.	7
I am looking for a house to stay in.	7
I need a house for three people to stay at.	7
Can you find me a house to stay?	7
I am travelling to chi-town and would like to find a house to stay.	7
I am travelling to Chi-town and am looking for a house to stay.	7
You can help me to fine a house for four persons?	7
Can you please assist me in finding a house to stay that has laundry service. I'd like it to have a rating of 4.2 or higher.	7
Let's find houses with ratings of 4.1 or higher. This will be for just one person.	7
I need to find a home to stay in.	7
I'll soon be in New York City and I need a house for 4 people.	7
I'm looking for a house in Kuala Lumpur.	7
I want to find a House to stay in.	7
I am looking for a short term house rental.	7
I am looking for a house to stay in.	7
I want to rent a house in Sydney, for one person.	7
I want to find a house for one.	7
I'm looking for a house to stay in, like maybe a bed and breakfast, just somewhere I can rent while traveling.	7
I need to find a house with a rating of 3.9 or higher.	7
My honeymoon is nearing and I still need to find a house to stay in when we arrive at Kuala Lumpur.	7
I am looking for a house to stay for 1 people	7
I'm looking for a house	7
I'm looking for a house.	7
I am looking for a house to stay	7
I need to search for a house for 3 people for a short stay, can you find some nice houses?	7
I need to find a house to stay	7
I'm visiting Sydney, Australia shortly. I need to rent a house there that offers laundry service.	7
I'm going on vacation and need a house to stay in.	7
I need to find a house to stay in for a while.	7
Will you find me a house to stay?	7
I would like to find a house for one person.	7
I need to find a house to stay in.	7
I am traveling to London and need to find a house in which to stay.	7
I need to find a house to stay in.	7
I'm going to be visiting the city and need a house to stay at while I'm there. I'm not bringing anyone with me, so the house only has to handle one person.	7
I want to travel to NYC so I need a house.	7
I need to find a house to stay in.	7
I will be having a business trip so I need to find a house to stay in.	7
Please search a house for three people to stay	7
I am looking for a house with rating of 2.7 and higher.	7
I am travelling to London, UK and am looking for a house to stay at.	7
I would like to find a house to stay at.	7
I want to find a house to stay in soon	7
I'd like to find a holiday house with a rating of 3.8 or higher.	7
Can you help me look for a house to stay?	7
I want a place to stay when I travel to Seattle, WA.	7
I am looking for a house to stay	7
I'm travelling to San Diego and I need to find a place to stay.	7
I need to find a house to stay in.	7
I would like to find a house to stay in with a rating of 4.3 or higher.	7
I'd like to search for a house to reside in.	7
I would like to stay in a house somewhere while out of town.	7
I'm going to visit the city and need to find an available house to rest in. It doesn't matter how highly rated it is.	7
I'm looking to stay at a 4.0 rated house in Atlanta, GA.	7
I want to find a house to stay	7
I would like to stay in a house for a short while and I need your help to search one.	7
Can you find me a house to stay in?	7
I want to find a house to stay in with a rating of 4.3 or greater.	7
I am looking for a house to stay in San Diego.	7
I need a house to stay in.	7
I need a house to stay in.	7
I would like to find a house to stay in.	7
I am new to this town, so far i stay in a hotel, i like to stay in a house. Will you find a house to stay?	7
I need a house to stay in for 2 people soon. It's important they have laundry service too	7
I'm looking for a house to stay in.	7
I will be visiting London, UK and I am looking for a house to rent.	7
Can you find me a house to stay at with a rating of at least 4.3?	7
I'm going away, and looking for a house for three people to stay.	7
I want to stay in a house for a while for which I need your help.	7
Will you find me a house to stay?	7
I need a house to stay for my next trip.	7
I need to find a house for two people with laundry service.	7
I want to rent a house for a few days.	7
I want to find a house to stay in for 1 person.	7
I want to find a place to stay, maybe a house?	7
I need to rent a house for a while.	7
I'm looking for a house to stay in.	7
I'm looking for a house to rent.	7
I am looking for a house to stay.	7
I'd like to find a house to stay at.	7
Can you help me finding a house to stay.	7
I'd like to find a place to stay, a house if possible.	7
I need a place to stay.	7
I'm looking for a house to stay in just for one.	7
Hi, i need a help, I want to find a house to stay on Anaheim, CA, Because i am travelling to there.	7
Can you help me find a house to stay in?	7
I would like to rent a house.	7
I'd like to find a house to stay in, I"m travelling to New York City.	7
Can you help me find a house to stay in that would suit 1 person?	7
I'm looking for an apartment. I want furnished apartment.	6
I'm looking to find an apartment. Can you help me find one that is furnished?	6
I would like to have an furnished apartment in Mountain View.	6
I'll be moving soon, can you help me find a 3 bedroom apartment?	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find a two bed room apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment that allows pets.	6
Help me find an apartment. I'm looking in Martinez.	6
I got to find an apartment	6
Hello, Can you tell me more details about the floor plans of Clayton Creek in Concord for I am looking for one having three baths?	6
Can you search for a 3 bed room pet friendly apartment?	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Can you search for an apartment for me?	6
I am looking for an apartment in Walnut Creek.	6
I'm looking for a 2 bedroom apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in Richmond.	6
Hey, I would like to search for an apartment with 2 bedrooms in Santa Rosa.	6
Hi, my friend will be living here for a while and I need to find an apartment for him. Can you help me search for one?	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment with 3 baths.	6
I am looking for a two bedroom apartment.	6
I got to get a new apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
I need your help in finding an apartment. Can you do that?	6
Help me find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment. It could have just one bath.	6
I am looking for an apartment in SFO.	6
I am looking for a new apartment.	6
I need an apartment.	6
I'm thinking of moving out. Can you look for an apartment with three baths?	6
I would prefer to find an apartment in Alameda.	6
I will need a place to live in, so I need to find an apartment.	6
I'd like you to find me an apartment in Sunnyvale	6
Hey, I'm thinking of moving out. Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I need an apartment	6
My lease is up soon and I am looking for a new apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for two bedroom apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I'm interested in finding an apartment, any suggestions?	6
Can you search an apartment with 3 baths for me?	6
I've decided to move to a new place. Can you find me an apartment?	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment with 2 baths.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I need you to search for an apartment for me.	6
my friend is looking for an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment. It should have one bath.	6
I am looking for a furnished apartment.	6
I got to get a new pad.	6
Let's search apartments please.	6
I'm looking for an apartment with two baths.	6
I'd like to find an apartment with 1 baths.	6
I'm looking for an apartment. I'd like one with three bathrooms.	6
I need to find a good apartment.	6
I'd like to get an apartment in Sunnyvale.	6
I would like to find an apartment in Mountain View that allows pets.	6
I am in need of finding a place to leave so can you help me with finding an apartment?	6
I am looking for an apartment to rent that will allow my pet. Can you help?	6
I want to find a 1 bath apartment.	6
Find me an apartment.	6
I wanna find a furnished apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment with one bedroom.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I'm looking to find an apartment.	6
Can you get me an apartment please?	6
I need an apartment with 4 bedrooms.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in San Jose.	6
I'm searching for an apartment.	6
Find me an apartment in Brentwood.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I want to find a one bedroom apartment in South San Francisco.	6
I'm looking for apartments.	6
Find me an apartment in Mountain View.	6
i would like to find an apartment to live in in Napa and i would like it to have 2 bedrooms.	6
I would like to find an apartment in Hayward with three bed rooms, can you help me to search one?	6
I'm looking for an apartment with 2 bedrooms.	6
I'm looking for a 1 bathroom apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Hi. I am moving soon and need to find an apartment. Can you help?	6
I want to find an apartment in Concord.	6
I'm looking for an apartment to rent. Can you help me find one?	6
I would like to find an apartment with 2 bedrooms.	6
I would love to find a new apartment. It would be great to have 2 baths.	6
I am retiring and am looking for an apartment do downsize. I absolutely need three baths and I would prefer a furnished apartment.	6
Hi, I'm looking for a two bathroom apartment.	6
I need to look for a new apartment.	6
I would like some help finding an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment with one bathroom.	6
I need helping finding an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Please find me an apartment in Walnut Creek.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I want to go to a dentist	15
I'd like to see a dentist. His name is Dr. Uyen Khanh Bui.	15
I need to go to the dentist.	15
I need to go see the dentist for my annual. The name of my dentist is Dr. Uyen Khanh Bui.	15
I want to visit a dentist on the 13th.	15
I need a dentist appoinment. Please book one for later today.	15
I'd like to go to the dentist	15
I need a dentist appointment on March 12th at 3:30 in the afternoon. Can you please reserve this?	15
I need to go to the dentist. Do I have any time around afternoon 2:15 today?	15
I'd like to go to a dentist, please	15
I would like to visit a dentist.	15
I want to visit Centerville Dental Care.	15
I feel some problem with my teeth. Would I get an appointment with Dr Sears Dental at 18:00	15
I'm planning on visiting a dentist, can you help me make an appointment?	15
I need to visit a dentist.	15
I'd like to see a dentist.	15
I have a toothache, can you schedule me a dentist appointment?	15
I would like a dental appointment.	15
Can you find me a dentist for 5:15 pm?	15
I have a tooth ache. I want a dentist.	15
I want to visit a dentist soon to get my teeth checked.	15
I need a dentist soon. Do you have any appointments for 1st of March at 11 in the morning?	15
I'd like to make a dentist appointment at half past 3 in the afternoon.	15
I need to schedule an appointment with a dentist.	15
Looking for a dentist on March 9th. Will be available at half past 9 in the morning.	15
I need to go to the dentist	15
I want to visit the dentist Dr. Timothy M. Gallagher	15
Hello, there. I need to get to a dentist that can fix my daughter's chipped tooth before my friend's wedding. Would you look up that up for me, please?	15
I need to visit a dentist.	15
I want to visit the dentist Dr. Robert E. Durr.	15
I need a booking for a dentist	15
I would like to book an appointment with a dentist on the 11th.	15
My teeth are aching, I think I should go to the dentist soon. I'd like to go to Growing Smiles Pediatric Dentistry.	15
I want vist the Dentist Ghina Morad, please help with the appointment anything available at the half past 2 in the afternoon?	15
I need to make an appointment to see a dentist. Are there any openings at 2 o"clock in the afternoon?	15
I need to visit a dentist for a cleaning, can you book an appointment for me?	15
I'd like to book an appointment with a dentist.	15
I need to get some work done at the dentist, please.	15
I want to go to a dentist named John R Saunderson.	15
I need to make a Dentist appointment.	15
I want to see a dentist.	15
I need to visit a dentist.	15
Could you please book a dentist visit for me at 2:30 in the afternoon on 2nd of March?	15
I wish to see a dentist. Please book the appointment on 6th of this month.	15
I need a dentist. Anything at afternoon 12 available?	15
I'd like to book a dentist appointment on the 8th of March.	15
I want to visit the dentist Ahmed Sameena.	15
I need to see a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I'd like to book an appointment at a salon March 8th at 16:45.	15
I need an appointment at a salon for the 6th.	15
I need to schedule a visit to the salon.	15
I want to make an appointment at Supercuts Sequoia Station.	15
I want an appointment at a salon on the 2nd of this month.	15
Hi, I need to get my hair done. Can you book me an appointment at a salon?	15
I want to go to the salon, could you book an appointment?	15
Make me a salon appointment.	15
I would like to book an appointment at the salon, Supercuts on March 8th.	15
I need a salon appointment.	15
I would like to book an appointment at 4:30 pm at the salon.	15
I would like to make an appointment with Hitters Barber Shop.	15
I need a salon appointment.	15
I need to go to the salon. Will you do an appointment for me at 10 o"clock in the morning ?	15
I'm interested in booking an appointment at the salon on the 1st at three pm.	15
I've decided to change my hairstyle. Please help me book an appointment at a salon.	15
I want to book an appointment at the Style Bar salon.	15
Hello! Could you help me book an appointment at a salon at 10:30 in the morning?	15
I want to make an appointment at a Salon.	15
I'd like to book an appointment at a salon.	15
I would like to make an appointment at a Supercuts salon.	15
I'd like to set a salon appointment please.	15
I'm looking to book an appointment at a salon.	15
I want an appointment at a salon. I would like it for afternoon 2:45 on the 4th of this month.	15
I would like to book and appointment at a salon.	15
I wan to book an appointment at Tangerine Hair Studio salon	15
Hello! I wish to purchase a customized wig for my own use. I need an appointment at a good salon by Tuesday next week. Can you find one?	15
I need a salon appointment.	15
I need to book an appointment with Supercuts Village Oaks Shopping Center.	15
I want to book an appointment at the salon next Wednesday in the afternoon 2:15.	15
I need to book an appointment for the salon.	15
I would like to make a salon appointment please.	15
book me an appointment at 13:30 at the Alexander G. salon.	15
Do you have an appointment at the salon on the 13th?	15
I want to book an appointment at a salon.	15
I need to book at appointment on the 12th at Les Amis - Salon Et Spa.	15
I would like to book an appointment at a salon.	15
My hair is getting too long. Can I book an appointment at the salon named Kim P Beauty Care for 17:30?	15
I want to get my haircut so I need to book an appointment at a salon.	15
I want to make a salon appointment.	15
I would like an appointment for the 9th of March at the Ap Luxe Salon.	15
I want to make an appointment at a salon.	15
I'd like to book an appointment at The barbers Inc. barbershop at 10:45	15
I'd like to make an appointment to visit the salon.	15
I want to visit a salon on the 5th of March.	15
I would like to book an appointment at a salon called Slick & Dapper On Grand.	15
I need to book an appointment at the salon.	15
I would like to book an appointment at the Slick'S Barber Shop salon.	15
I need to see a doctor, can you find me one?	15
I need to get a physical exam so I can be approved to play on my senior team. I'm kind of excited, and I have to ask for your help with this. Are you down with that?	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
I'd like to make appointment with a doctor.	15
I am in need of visiting a doctor, so I would like to have an appointment with Dr. Edward Lee.	15
I would like to make an appointment with Dr. Hoang, Tuan A.	15
I want to get my health checked, I want to visit a doctor	15
I've been feeling a bit sick. Can you book a doctor's visit for me?	15
I got to see a doctor.	15
I want to visit a doctor, make it on the 7th. I want to see Dr. Randal Pham at Aesthetic & Refractive Surgery Medical Center.	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
I need to go to the doctor.	15
Hi, I need help finding a doctor to visit.	15
Book me an appointment to consult a doctor at evening 5.	15
I need to make a doctor's appointment.	15
I haven't had a physical in a while. I need to make an appointment with a doctor.	15
I wanna see Dr. Richard Glogau	15
I want to visit Dr. Claudia Pinilla please.	15
I'd like to make an appointment at a doctor. Can you help?	15
I'd like to schedule a doctors visit on the 8th of this month.	15
I've been feeling sort of unwell recently, so I want to go see a doctor.	15
Will you help me find a doctor?	15
I need a Doctor's appointment with Cynthia S. Chiu, MD, FACS, Inc. I'd like it for Tuesday next week.	15
I need to make a doctor appointment on the 11th.	15
I want to go to a doctor	15
I think I might be sick and need to visit a doctor.	15
I want to make sure my health is good. Can you set me up to visit a doctor?	15
Hello, could you help me search for a doctor?	15
I need to go to a doctor.	15
I wish to see a doctor	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
I would like to visit a doctor at 3:30 in the afternoon.	15
I would like to visit a doctor.	15
Can you find me a doctor's appointment at Delta Aesthetics?	15
There is a back pain which has hurt me for the last three days. Its high time I visited a doctor. can you fix an appointment with Dr. Richard Young on next Thursday?	15
I want to schedule a doctor's appointment.	15
Can you make me a doctor's appointment for three in the afternoon?	15
I'm a bit worried. I should probably go see a doctor. Can you book an appointment for me?	15
I need to see a doctor at the Ocean Medical Clinic.	15
I need a doctor's appointment at Bay Area Retina Associates.	15
I'd like to make a doctor's appointment for the 6th of March.	15
I need to book a doctor's appointment for the 9th.	15
I am in a need to visit a Doctor on March 9th. Please search someone.	15
I wish to see a doctor.	15
I'm interested in finding a doctor on 7th of this month.	15
I want to visit a doctor on Sunday this week.	15
Please schedule an appointment with Dr. Ferry James at 12:30 pm.	15
During yesterday party i drank cold juice and that is irritating in my throat a lot. I need to consult a doctor. Will you find me a doctor that suits my condition?	15
Make a doctor appointment for a quarter past 1 in the afternoon please.	15
I want to make a doctor's appointment next Friday with Dr. Edward Manche.	15
I have an idea to visit a Doctor.	15
Can you book me a doctor's appointment? Dr. Philip Lindstrom this Sunday please?	15
Search for one way flights. I like Southwest Airlines the bes.	5
I would like a one-way flight.	5
I will be traveling soon. I need a one way flight.	5
I would like a one-way flight please?	5
I need a oneway flight departing on March 5th.	5
I need to get away quick. Get me a ticket will you?	5
I am looking for one-way flights leaving from NY.	5
I'm going to be traveling soon, I need a one way flight.	5
Can you please find me one-way flights?	5
I want to get some plant tickets.	5
I need help finding one-way flights.	5
I'm looking for one way flights to London.	5
Would you look for one way flights?	5
I need a oneway flight for a trip.	5
Can you find one-way flight tickets?	5
Can you help me find one-way flights? I would prefer to travel in economy.	5
I'm looking for one-way flights, can you give me a hand?	5
I need a one-way ticket on an airplane.	5
I have to get a 1 way ticket.	5
Hey, can you help me find some one-way flights, please?	5
I need to find a one way flight for an upcoming trip I have.	5
Please find me one-way flights.	5
Could you find me one way flights leaving from San Fran?	5
I'm trying to find a one way flight for four people on the 5th of March.	5
I want a one way flight. I like Economy tickets.	5
I need a one-way flight to Paris, France.	5
Could you look up one-way flights for me?	5
I'm looking for one-way flights. Can you help me?	5
Help me look for some one-way flights please.	5
I'm looking to get some one-way flights for my vacation. Can you find me some flying out of SFO?	5
I want to fly from Philadelphia, in Economy class, can you help me find flights?	5
I am looking for one-way flights. Can you help me?	5
Please find me one way flights.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight? Preferably on Delta Airlines?	5
I need you to find me one-way flights out of ATL.	5
I have a trip coming. Can you find me flights that are one way?	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight from NY, can you help me?	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight?	5
locate one-way flights please.	5
Could you retrieve one way flights?	5
I'm looking for one-way flights can you help?	5
I'd like to find some one-way flights. Can you find me one for a group of one?	5
I'm going away, can you find some one-way flights for me?	5
I need to find an affordable one-way flight for my birthday coming up.	5
I need a one-way flight on March 9th.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight?	5
Can you find me a one way flight please?	5
Can you find me some one-way flights?	5
Can you find a one-way ticket for me	5
I need a flight for two people.	5
I'm going to Atlanta, can you help me find some one-way flights?	5
I need one ticket for a one-way flight to SF.	5
I may have to fly out for a family emergency. Can you help me find refundable tickets for one-way flights?	5
Can you tell me one way flights with United Airlines?	5
Would you look for one way flights for me?	5
I need 2 seats on a plane.	5
I need to find one-way flights leaving Chicago.	5
I would like to find a one way flight for my upcoming trip.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Can you please find one-way flights for me?	5
Can you list one way flights?	5
Can you assist me with finding one-way flights	5
WOuld you find me one way flights?	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flights, can you help?	5
Could you search one-way flights for me?	5
Can you find me a one way flight from Washington?	5
Hi. Can you help me book a flight traveling in premium economy?	5
I am looking for a one-way flight.	5
I need to fly out for a family emergency, can you find me one-way flights?	5
Can you help with plane reservations?	5
Would you search for one way flights?	5
Could you find me any one-way flights?	5
Could you search for one-way flights for me? I am departing from SF.	5
I need help finding a one-way flight. I prefer economy flights on United Airlines.	5
Could you find me one-way flights?	5
Can you find me any one-way flights with American Airlines please?	5
Hello, Michael here! I and my colleagues are flying to attend a business meeting by this week. Can you help me to find me one way flight in some good airlines, please?	5
Can you get me a ticket to San Francisco, for a flight?	5
Can you list one way flights for 1?	5
Can you search one-way flight for me?	5
Could you search one-way flights for me?	5
Can you find me one-way flights?	5
Get me a one way flight stat.	5
Can you please find me one-way flights for 4 people?	5
I need to a one way flight to Sydney, Australia.	5
I'm looking for one way flights.	5
I need a plane ticket. One-way.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need you to find me one-way flights.	5
Could you search one-way flights for me? I am departing on the 14th of this month.	5
I feel like going on a trip. Can you find me a one-way flight ticket?	5
I'd like you to find me some one-way flights.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight? I prefer Premium Economy.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight for three people?	5
Would you find me one way flights?	5
Can you please find me some one-way flights to LA?	5
I will be taking a flight so I need you to help me find a one-way flight. I will be flying from London, England, and my destination will be SFO.	5
Can you find me some one-way flights? Preferably Delta Airlines. I will be leaving on March 1st.	5
I want to purchase a one-way flight to Las Vegas.	5
Can you find one-way flights to New York on the 10th of this month?	5
Can you locate one-way flights for me?	5
I need help finding a one way flight out of LA.	5
I'm looking to find one way flights.	5
I'm looking for one way flights.	5
can you search a one-way ticket for me	5
Can you search for 2 flight tickets in a one-way flight?	5
I want to travel to ATL please help me to find one-way flights	5
Can you find me one-way flights? There is one people in my group.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight?	5
I need to go out of town for a work conference. Can you find some one-way flights?	5
I am looking for one-way flights, can you help me?	5
Can you find me a oneway flight for a trip I have coming up? I leave on Saturday this week.	5
I'd like to find a one-way flight.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Can you book me a one-way economy flight?	5
I need a one way flight from Chicago leaving on the 7th.	5
I want to search for some one-way flights.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight.	5
Could you look up one-way flights for me? I am departing from Chi-town.	5
Can you get me a one-way flight, please?	5
Can you search me one way flights?	5
Can you help me find some one way flights please	5
Can you find me one-way flights next Monday?	5
Can you please find oneway flights for a short trip I have coming up soon? There's only one person in my group.	5
Can you find me a one way flight for a trip I have coming up? I'd like to get an Economy ticket with American Airlines.	5
I have a trip and need to travel to LA on a oneway ticket/	5
Can you find me one way flights for my upcoming trip?	5
I'll be travelling with my wife to Vancouver. Could you find a one way ticket from Washington for us?	5
I have a trip coming up. I need to find one way flights for three people traveling as a group.	5
I am leaving for a trip out of Portland next Monday. Can you find me some oneway flights?	5
I have a trip coming up. Can you find me one-way flights?	5
I'm going on a trip soon; can you find me a one-way flight?	5
I have an upcoming trip. Can you find a me a oneway flight? Preferably American Airlines.	5
I have an upcoming trip, and I'd like a one way flight with United Airlines. I am departing from SFO.	5
I need a one way flight to Chi-town on the 1st of this month.	5
I need a oneway flight for a trip I have coming up.	5
Can you find me a one way flight for a trip I have coming up? I need to leave on the 14th of March.	5
Can you find me a one way flight for my upcoming trip?	5
Can you search for round trip flights to Vegas? I am going on a trip soon.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights? I'm going to my sister's wedding.	5
Can you look for flights leaving from New York?	5
I am looking to purchase a ticket for a flight. Can you search round trip flights for me?	5
could you find me a round trip flight?	5
Could you look for flights for me?	5
I need to go on a trip. Can you search some round trip flights for me? I need to get back Thursday next week.	5
Can you search for some economy flights?	5
Help me with some plane tickets will you?	5
Will you find me flights?	5
I'd like help finding round trip flights. I'll be leaving on Friday next week.	5
Could you please search for Premium Economy tickets for a round trip flight.	5
I am looking for round trip flights, can you help me?	5
I'm thinking about taking a trip. Search round trip flights available by United Airlines please.	5
Can you find me a flight, a round trip?	5
I need a good ticket to get out of Portland, OR.	5
I am looking to book a flight.	5
Hey, can you look up some round trip flights for me?	5
Can you help me find a round-trip flight for 1 person in the Economy seating section?	5
I am seeking a round trip flight for myself; departing from Mexico city.	5
Hello, could you look for a economy flight back on March 11th for me?	5
Can you please search flights for me?	5
Can you search round trip flights?	5
Can you help me find a round-trip flight for 2 people?	5
Can you find me some round trip airline tickets, preferably on Delta Airlines?	5
I would like to find round trip flights.	5
I need to find a round trip flight.	5
Can you search for a round trip flight? I want to leave friday next week.	5
Can you find some round trip flights for me please?	5
Can you search round trip flights to San Francisco?	5
I'm looking for an economy flight leaving from ATL.	5
Hey, I'm looking for some round trip flights, can you help me out?	5
I am looking for a round trip flight.	5
Can you search for round trip flights leaving from LA for me?	5
You can look please for round trip flight for my?I want only tickets with the return option my plans are not fixed.	5
I need to search flights.	5
I'm interested in finding a round trip flight.	5
Can you look up some flights for me? I'm leaving from Philly and I want to travel economy.	5
I'd like an economy round trip flight, can you help me search for it?	5
Can you look for round trip flights for me? I wanna get back on the 4th.	5
Will you find me some flights?	5
Can you find flights for me?	5
Please search for flights on Delta Airlines.	5
I need helping searching for a flight.	5
I need to find Economy class flights and need to be back on next Thursday.	5
Please find me some flights.	5
Could you find a flight for me?	5
I need a flight and I don't care about airline.	5
Can you help me find a flight? I'd like to return on the 9th.	5
Can you find flights for me?	5
I need a search done for a flight, please prioritize Delta Airlines flights.	5
Can you look up a flight for me	5
Can you search for flights for me	5
Can you find economy flights via United Airlines?	5
I need a flight out of Chicago. Business or economy both work for me.	5
Will you please assist me in booking a flight?	5
Can you find me a flight?	5
Can you find a flight for me. I want Southwest Airlines and I want to return on the 14th of this month.	5
I need a to find a flight back on Sunday this week.	5
Will you help me find some flights?	5
I need a flight that leaves on the 5th of March. Either business or economy is fine.	5
Please help me find flights that will leave tomorrow.	5
Please could you search flights preferably with Alaska Airlines?	5
I'm looking for a family fun getaway. Would you help me search flight options for our trip, please?	5
Will you help me find a flight on March 4th?	5
Will you help find some flights?	5
I'm traveling to Portland, OR. Can you check flights for me?	5
Can you list flights for me?	5
Can you find me a flight which leaves on the 5th?	5
I would like to search flights, please.	5
Can you search some flights with Economy seating?	5
Can you locate a flight for me?	5
Could you please find me some flights of American Airlines?	5
Can you help me to search for flights?	5
Please search flights for me. I want two tickets.	5
I want to book a flight.	5
I'm trying to find a flight. I need to return on March 13th.	5
Can you help me find a flight?	5
Hey, can you search for flights to Sydney?	5
Please help me finds flight in Economy.	5
Can you look up flights for me?	5
Can you search flights leaving Saturday this week	5
Can you search some flights for me?	5
I'm looking for flights, can you find me some?	5
Please can you find flights for me? I would prefer to travel in Economy class in American Airlines.	5
Can you help me search for some flights?	5
Can you search flights leaving from Seattle?	5
Could you please help me to search flights?	5
Search for flights departing Mexico City please.	5
Can you search flights, preferably American Airlines?	5
I need a flight.	5
I need help with flights.	5
Could you search flights to Chicago for me?	5
Can you find me flights leaving from CDMX?	5
Can you find me a flight to Mexico City?	5
Can you serach some flights for me? I want to be back on the 12th of March.	5
Can you please search for flights on the 2nd of this month.	5
Can you search for some flights for me? I am taking a trip soon.	5
I totally forgot my schedule and appointments of my calendar. Will you find events on my calendar?	3
What is my calendar like for Monday next week.	3
I am not sure when is my friend's birthday so I am going to check the calendar.	3
I want to check my calendar on the 10th of March.	3
I want to see the events on my calendar.	3
Can you check events on my calendar?	3
I'd like to check the events I have scheduled on next Wednesday.	3
What events do I have in my calendar?	3
I'd like to check events on my calendar.	3
I want to see whats on my calendar	3
Can you show me the events on my calendar? I need a verification.	3
I'd like to verify activities on my calendar, specifically on the 3rd of March.	3
I want to check the events on my calendar.	3
Please check Saturday this week on my calendar.	3
I want to take my girlfriend on a proper date soon but I don't know what I have on my schedule already. Can you check upcoming events on my calendar?	3
I need the details of my calendar. Look for Friday next week	3
I'm kind of curious about what's on my calendar for next Thursday.	3
I would like to search for an event.	3
I need to check my events calendar for the 6th.	3
What do I have scheduled on my calendar for the 12th of March?	3
I forgot the events need to attend . will you check the events on my calendar?	3
What's on my calendar for the 12th of March?	3
Let me check my calendar/	3
Can you tell me what's on my calendar?	3
Can you get my calendar for me?	3
Can you check on my calendar Saturday this week?	3
Can you check for any events I might have on my calendar?	3
I want to look at my calendar.	3
I want to look at the events on my calendar. The date I want to check events on is March 3rd.	3
Can you check my calendar for me?	3
i must check how my calendar is looking-especially upcoming events	3
I want to check my calendar for events.	3
I want to check my calendar for events for Friday next week.	3
I need to check my calendar events.	3
i want to check my events on my calendar.	3
I would like to check the events of March 6th on my calendar	3
I want to check if I have any upcoming appointments or events on my calender	3
It's going to be a very busy week! I want to check events on my calendar to make sure I am prepared.	3
I want to check my events calendar.	3
Can you tell me about the events I currently have on my calendar?	3
I want to check events on my calendar. The date is next Monday.	3
I want to check events on my calendar on March 2nd.	3
I need to plan my week. What events have I marked down on my calendar?	3
Can you show me all the events on my calendar?	3
Please check an event on my calendar on 11th of March	3
I would like to double check my calendar for events on the 8th.	3
I wanna check my calendar for events.	3
Is there anything scheduled on my calendar for March 13th?	3
Hello, I want to check the upcoming events on my calendar.	3
I need to check my calendar.	3
I want to check events on my calendar for Thursday next week.	3
What is happening March 9th on my calendar?	3
Can you help me check my calendar for events?	3
Can you check my events calendar for the 3rd of this month?	3
I want do double check my events for next Thursday.	3
I'm trying to schedule an appointment, can you check the events on my calendar?	3
Do I have anything in my calendar for March 12th?	3
Can you please check my calendar events for March 7th?	3
Please tell me about the events on my calendar.	3
Hello, I want to check the events occurring on the date of the 11th of March on my calendar.	3
Can you check my calendar for events?	3
I would like to see the events on my calendar and more specifically for the 8th of this month.	3
Shelly, check upcoming events on my calendar.	3
Which events are on my calendar Monday next week?	3
Hey, I'd like to see what I'm doing on March 5th. Can you check my calendar?	3
I'd like to check on some events in my calendar.	3
I need to know the events on my calendar.	3
I want to check what events are coming up on my calendar.	3
What do I have for events on my calendar for the 7th of March?	3
I want to see events on my calendar later today.	3
I would like to check any events on my calendar, please.	3
I'd like to check my calendar.	3
I would like to check if I have any events on my calendar next Monday.	3
I want to see what events are on my calendar.	3
Hey, I'd like you to check my calendar. What am I doing on the 11th?	3
I am very busy in my day-to-day work. Will you please check whether any events on my calendar?	3
I want to check the events on my calendar for the 2nd.	3
What events do I have on the 13th?	3
I want to check my calender for events. The date I want to look into is the 12th of March.	3
What events are on my calendar for the 14th of this month?	3
Can you help me check which events are on my calendar?	3
I want to check my calendar events.	3
What's on my calendar?	3
I want to check my calendar for events on the 9th of this month.	3
I want to check my schedule for March 13th.	3
Please help me check the event o nmy calendar.	3
Can you check my schedule and see when I have an opening?	3
Can you please check my calendar and tell me when am I available?	3
When am I available?	3
I finally have time to do some more planning for my trip. I'm absolutely determined to get my calendar updated today. Would you spend a few minutes with me now, please, so I can know what time I have available on March 13th?	3
Show me my free time?	3
I have to schedule an appointment on the 10th of this month. Can you show me my availability on that date?	3
What is my availability on March 4th?	3
When am I free on the 13th of this month?	3
Can you tell me when my schedule is free for the day on the 11th?	3
Can you show my availability on March 6th?	3
I'd like to see my availability.	3
Tell me when I'm available.	3
I'd like to see when I'm available on the 1st of March.	3
What's my schedule like on March 7th? Any free time?	3
Can you check out my calendar and find me a time when I am available?	3
I would like to know when I am available next Wednesday	3
Hello, could you show me what time am I available on the 6th of March?	3
I am hoping to go view an apartment on the 11th of March. Do I have any available times that day?	3
On March 9th show me please when I will be available.	3
I want to know what time I have available.	3
Can you search for my available timing?	3
When am I free on March 5th?	3
Please show me when I have available time slots.	3
When do I have open availability?	3
Can you tell me when I am going to be available?	3
Hey, can you show me when I'm free?	3
Hey, when am I available?	3
When am i free?	3
Can you tell me when I am available?	3
When am I available on next Wednesday?	3
Can you help with my schedule, openness?	3
Can I see when I'm available on the 10th of March?	3
When am I available on March 5th.	3
Hey. Can you show me when I am available?	3
Show me my availability	3
What is my availability on the 14th.	3
Can you tell me when I am available?	3
Hi, i need a help with an event, Show me when i am available, the date is march 1st	3
I need you to list my available time slots.	3
Please show my availability for the 4th of March.	3
When am I available on the 11th of March?	3
When am I available on the 13th?	3
Can you check my calendar for availability?	3
I want to see when I have free time.	3
Please show me my availability.	3
I'd like to know when I'm free.	3
Can you show me all the days I have available on my schedule?	3
I need to know when my schedule is open.	3
Please show me when I am available. The date is 5th of March.	3
I'd like to know my availability.	3
I need to figure out a time I can meet my parents for dinner. Afterwards, we'll go checkout an apartment. Let's find out when I have some time available on the 3rd of this month, please?	3
I want to know when my schedule is free for Monday next week.	3
I need to go for an event on thursday next week. will you show me when i am available?	3
Show me when I'm availble on the 9th.	3
Can you help show my schedule for Thursday next week?	3
When am I free on March 4th?	3
I want to know when I am available.	3
When am I available?	3
Hey, show me my schedule.	3
Could you please show me when Im available.	3
I need to know when my schedule is clear.	3
Show me my open calendar on 5th of this month.	3
Show me my availability for the 12th of this month please.	3
Can you please let me know my availability.	3
I need to schedule an appointment. Can you check what's available on my calendar?	3
Show me when I am available on the 2nd of this month.	3
Can you show me when I'm available on the 13th of this month, please?	3
Show me the times I am available on March 14th.	3
What times am I available next Wednesday?	3
When am I available on the 4th?	3
Do you know when I am available?	3
Can you tell me if I am available for next Friday?	3
Hey. When am I free?	3
Do I have something scheduled for March 12th?	3
Am I available Saturday this week?	3
Do I have any free time on 14th of this month?	3
I need to know when I am available on March 12th.	3
Am I available on the 2nd of this month?	3
Show me when I am available on March 14th.	3
I would like to see if I am available on the 10th of this month.	3
Show when I'm available.	3
Show me my availability.	3
Can you show the when I am available on Monday next week?	3
I would like to transfer 820 bucks to a checking account.	1
I wish to make a transfer to Abhinav.	1
I'd like help making a transfer.	1
I would like to transfer money and send it to a checking account.	1
Please help me make a money transfer	1
Can you assist me in transferring funds from my savings account?	1
I want to transfer some money.	1
My friend is need of some money. Would you help me make a transfer?	1
I would like to transfer some money.	1
I would like to transfer some money to Maria.	1
I need to make a bank account transfer. Can you help me?	1
Hey. I'd like to make a money transfer to Abhinav.	1
I want to transfer some money.	1
I need to transfer money to someone's savings account.	1
Can you make a transfer from my checking account for me?	1
I would like to transfer money.	1
Could you please make a transfer to my checking account?	1
I'd like to transfer one hundred and ten bucks to my brother.	1
I need to transfer money, can you help me?	1
I want to make a transfer.	1
I want to make a transfer to their checking account.	1
I wanna make a transfer	1
I need to send a payment from my checking account to Amir for a loan he gave me a while back.	1
I need to make a transfer	1
I'm interested in making a money transfer.	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
I want to make a fund transfer	1
I would like to make a bank transfer.	1
I'd like to make a $400 transfer to my brother's checking account.	1
I'd like to make a transfer from my savings to their savings	1
I would like to transfer 1110 dollars.	1
I want to transfer 1110 dollars.	1
I have to make a transfer	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
Go with my checking account as i need to make a transfer	1
Hi, can you help me make a transfer?	1
I need to transfer some money.	1
I am very busy in my office work i should make a transfer , will you help me?	1
I'd like you to send some money from my savings account please.	1
I need to transfer some money I owe	1
I'd like to transfer 1,590 dollars, please.	1
Hey, I would like to make a transfer.	1
I'd like to transfer one thousand five hundred bucks. Can you help?	1
I would like to send some money.	1
I need to make a transfer to Abhinav's checking account.	1
Would you help me to transfer something to my savings account?	1
Hi, I need to transfer some money to my friend.	1
I would like to transfer some money to one of their savings account, can you help me?	1
I need to make a bank transfer. Can you send some money to Amir's savings account?	1
I would like to make a bank transfer please	1
I would like to transfer 1320 dollars to their savings account.	1
Hello! Can you help me with a transfer?	1
I need to transfer 1250 bucks to a friend.	1
I wish to transfer	1
I need your help to do a money transfer.	1
I would like to transfer to Amir	1
Can you help me make a transfer please?	1
I want to transfer some money.	1
I need to transfer 130 dollars.	1
I want to make a payment so I want to make a transfer.	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
Please transfer some of my money.	1
Hey, I need to make a money transfer.	1
I told my wife to make a money transfer but she forgot. Will you make a transfer for me?	1
I want to transfer some money to a checking account.	1
I wanted to transfer some smoney	1
I want to make a transfer.	1
I'm looking to transfer from my account.	1
My friend is need of money. Can you make a transfer to checking account?	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
I want to transfer funds.	1
I want to make a bank transfer.	1
I'd like to make a transfer.	1
I want to make a transfer.	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
Can you help me make a transfer to my brother's account?	1
I'd like to make a transfer	1
I would like to transfer money into someones checking account, can you help me?	1
Can you make a transfer for me?	1
Can you transfer some money for me?	1
I need to transfer some money to a friend.	1
I need a bank transfer.	1
I want to make a money transfer to Raghav, can you make it for me?	1
Could you help to make a transfer of 1650 dollars.	1
I need to transfer some money	1
I would like to make a transfer.	1
I would like to transfer some money from my checking account.	1
I want some money to my friend who is in urgency, Can you help?	1
I need to make a transfer.	1
I need to make a transfer to Sanuj, to their checking account please.	1
I'd like to give money to a friend. I want to send it to their savings account.	1
I'd like to make a bank transfer, can you help?	1
I'd like to make a $370 transfer to their checking account	1
Can you transfer three hundred and seventy bucks?	1
I'd like to make a transfer.	1
Can you transfer 1,650 bucks for me please?	1
I am interested in transferring some money.	1
I'd like to make a bank transfer - can you help me out?	1
Hello, can I transfer some money from my savings to someone else's savings account?	1
I would like to transfer some money to Srinivas.	1
I wanna make a transfer.	1
Hi, I would like helping transferring one thousand three hundred and twenty bucks .	1
Hello, bank. I would like to make a transfer from my checking account.	1
Hello, I would be needing assistance in making a transfer.	1
I would like to make a reservation at Springhill Suites Fresno.	7
It just came up in my mind that I need to make a hotel reservation and I need an assistant in doing so.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation at Chicago Lake Shore checking in the 2nd of this month.	7
Hi, Good morning, how are you doing? I would be travelling for a business meeting and would like to make a hotel reservation. Can you assist me?	7
I would like to book a hotel check out on March 12th	7
I would like to book 1 room at a hotel.	7
I would like to book a hotel room	7
I am planning to book a hotel in the Sydney, Australia area.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation, please.	7
Hey there. I need to make a hotel reservation on March 4th for a business trip.	7
I want to stay in a hotel. Please find hotels in Paris, France.	7
Hello! Nancy here! I'm going for a vacation for about one and half weeks and looking for some good hotels. Please can you help me to reserve some good rooms in some good hotels?	7
Hello, can you help me make a hotel reservation?	7
I want to make a hotel reservation for Saturday this week	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I have to book a room in the hotel	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I need to reserve 3 rooms at a hotel.	7
I need to book a hotel room for March 14th.	7
Hey. I want to find a hotel in or around San Francisco.	7
Please can you check for some good hotels around Portland for I've to visit for a trip?	7
I would like to reserve 1 room at a hotel checking out on March 14th.	7
I want to book a room in a hotel.	7
I need a hotel reservation.	7
I'm going on a trip, I need to make a hotel reservation for one room.	7
I need a room in New York City please.	7
I need a place to stay until the 14th.	7
Please reserve a hotel for me.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I'd like to have a hotel booking.	7
I would like to make an hotel reservation	7
I'd like to reserve a hotel room, can you help me with that?	7
I would like to have a booking for a hotel to sleep in.	7
I am planning to visit some place and I need to book a hotel with 3 rooms.	7
Hey! I would be travelling to New York for a Conference and wish to reserve some good hotels.	7
I'm going to be traveling and I want a hotel reservation with checkout date the 6th of this month.	7
I am looking to make a hotel resevation for one room.	7
I would like to make reservations for a room with a check in date of March 7th.	7
Hi, please reserve a hotel room for me, right away.	7
Can you help me find a hotel room to check into on the 6th of this month?	7
I would like to make a reservation at a hotel.	7
I need to book a hotel in Sydney, Australia.	7
I want a hotel reservation for one room.	7
I'll be out of town for the weekend. I'd like help making a hotel reservation for Saturday this week.	7
I'm traveling on business soon and I'll need a hotel reservation. I'll be checking in 2nd of March and will need one room.	7
Will you reserve three rooms in a hotel with check in of next Tuesday?	7
Can you book me a hotel room?	7
I need a hotel reservation for 2 rooms.	7
I need to make a hotel booking, checking in on the 1st.	7
Can you help me make a hotel reservation?	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation for Wednesday next week.	7
Book me a hotel, please.	7
I would like help with booking a room.	7
I will need to sleep in a hotel so I want to make a reservation.	7
I need your help with something, my demand is to book a room at The Cartwright Hotel.	7
I need a hotel reservation.	7
I would like to reserve a hotel room for three days	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation. I would like to book a room at Best Western Plus Stovall'S.	7
I wanted room booking in a hotel for four day's at Hilton Phoenix Airport	7
I am looking for a hotel booking.	7
I'm looking to make a hotel reservation for 2 rooms for a work conference.	7
I need a place to sleep so I would like to book one room in a hotel.	7
Hi I will be travelling and need to book a hotel in Philadelphia.	7
Hello, could you assist in making a hotel reservation for me?	7
I'd like to book a hotel room. Can you help?	7
I want to book a hotel reservation. I'll be checking in today.	7
I wish to make a reservation at a hotel.	7
I need to reserve a hotel room.	7
I would like to book an hotel room in Catamaran Resort Hotel in San Diego.	7
I need a reservation in Hotel G.	7
Please help me book a hotel.	7
I want to make a reservation for a hotel in New York.	7
I would like to book a hotel room	7
I need to make a hotel reservation, please.	7
I need a reservation for a hotel in San Diego.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation at the Residence Inn Anaheim Resort/Convention Center.	7
Hi, I would like to make a hotel reservation for 1 room on the 5th of this month.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation.	7
Please find me two rooms at the Pacific Express Hotel Central Market.	7
I'd like to book 3 hotel rooms.	7
Could you find me hotels?	7
Can you look for hotels for me?	7
I'd like to book a hotel room in SD, can you help me find some?	7
I have the necessity to book 1 hotel room.	7
I need to travel for a business trip . Will you find me some good hotels around Atlanta where pets are allowed?	7
I need to book a hotel room. Can you find me one?	7
I'm going on a trip. Can you find me a hotel?	7
I want to go to some nice hotels, can you help me to find one?	7
search hotels for me please.	7
Could you help me search for a hotel, please?	7
Hi, it's my wife and I'd anniversary and we'd like to go to London. Can you find me some hotels around there?	7
I wish to search for hotels around SFO. Could you please help me?	7
Hello! My name is William. I've a trip to London, UK for a couple of days. I would love if you can help me to find some good hotels around London and book two rooms for me.	7
I'm interested in finding a hotel. Can you help?	7
Hey, I just got the news that I my vacation days have been approved. Now, I sure could use your help to pull up some hotel options, if you please.	7
I want to book 1 hotel room.	7
Can you help me find hotels in New York?	7
Can you help me to search for Hotels around London, UK, I may need 2 rooms?	7
can you help me to search some hotels? I need one rooms to book.	7
I would like to find a hotel.	7
Hi, Good morning. How are you doing today? I would like to make a reservation for this week end. Do you have vacancies in some good hotels?	7
I would like to find a hotel to sleep in, so can you help with that?	7
Search Hotels, I need to book one room please.	7
I'm looking for some hotels.	7
Could you help me find hotels?	7
I'm going on a trip soon. Can you help me book a hotel?	7
I need some help finding a hotel.	7
We have to arrange a party in the hotel for my relatives on a memorable occasion. Is there any suitable hotel to book 2 rooms.	7
Please help me find a hotel. I need to book 1 room.	7
Can you search for some hotels for me?	7
Can you search some hotels for me? I want to search around Paris, France	7
Will you help me find hotels?	7
Due to certain reasons I have to dine outside. Can you find a suitable hotel for me?	7
In want to find some hotels in KL, can you find for me?	7
I need help finding a hotel.	7
I'm going on a short trip with my boyfriend. Can you find me some hotels?	7
Please get me a room.	7
I want to go out of town. I need to find a hotel.	7
I need a hotel around London	7
I will be having some vacations so I need you to find me some hotels which I can stay in. Though the hotels I am looking for should allow the pets because I have a cat.	7
Would you look for some hotels for me?	7
Hello, Good Evening. I would like to book 2 room for next week. Can you help me to find some good hotels?	7
Could you find me some hotels? I need 1 room, where pets are allowed.	7
Could you find me some hotels?	7
I need to book one hotel room	7
I want to stay in a hotel.	7
Could you find some hotels for me?	7
Have you ever wondered what birthday gift to get the guy who has everything? That's the question I have today, my friend. However, I think I have an idea. Can you help me with some recommendations for a hotel? I want to get him a room in a nice hotel as a surprise.	7
Please help me find a hotel.	7
I wish to go for excursion along with my friends. Will you find me some good two rooms?	7
I need help locating some hotels.	7
I'd like your help to find some hotels where pets are allowed.	7
Could you please find me an hotel?	7
Can you find me hotels around London, England.	7
need a hotel around Chicago	7
Can you find me some hotels?	7
I would like to stay in a hotel.	7
I would like to search for hotels.	7
Can you help me find some hotels?	7
Hi, Good morning. How are you doing today. I'd like to make a reservation for next week. Do you have any vacancies in some good hotels? Probably, I would need 1 room.	7
I am searching for hotels?	7
I'd like to find some hotels in SD. Can you help?	7
I need to look up some hotels.	7
Can you find me some hotels around ATL?	7
Can you help me find a hotel that allows pets?	7
I need you to find me some hotels.	7
Can you find me some hotels with 1 room?	7
Could you help me search for a hotel around KL?	7
Can you help me locate a hotel please?	7
I'd like to find a hotel room.	7
Can you book me a hotel? I only need one room	7
I want to search for a hotel room please.	7
Please search for a hotel with a one star rating.	7
I need help finding a room in a three star hotel.	7
I was hoping to search for a room in a hotel.	7
Hi there, could you assist me to find a room in a hotel?	7
Search hotel rooms please.	7
I would like a hotel room.	7
I would like to search for a hotel room.	7
Get me your best room in New Delhi, pronto.	7
I'd like to find a hotel that offers wifi. Can you help me make a reservation?	7
I need a hotel room with WiFi please.	7
I would like to find a hotel.	7
I'm going on vacation soon and I'm searching for a room in a three star hotel.	7
I want to book a room in a hotel for which I need your help.	7
I need a hotel room with wifi.	7
I'll be travelling alone and only need one hotel room. Can you help me find one?	7
Two of us need rooms. Is there any fine hotel?	7
Can you find a room in a hotel?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I need a hotel room?	7
I'd like a room in four star hotel. Can you help?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I will be having a business meeting, so I need a room in a hotel to sleep in.	7
Could you help me find a hotel room? I want to start looking at two star hotels.	7
Can you look for a room in a hotel?	7
Can you search for two rooms in a hotel?	7
I want 1 room in a hotel.	7
Can you find me 1 hotel room in Kuala Lumpur?	7
I want a hotel room! Make it a two star hotel.	7
I am tired. Can you find me a hotel.	7
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel room with wifi.	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I need a room in a two star hotel	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I need to rent out a hotel room, a three star one should be good.	7
Please help me find a room in a 2 star hotel.	7
I want to stay in a hotel for a business purpose. Can you find a suitable one?	7
I need a room in a hotel to spend the night at, and I would like for the hotel to be in Delhi.	7
I need to sleep somewhere so I would like for you to find me 1 room at a hotel in London, England.	7
Me and my friend are planning a trip, can you help me find a hotel?	7
I need a hotel room	7
I am leaving on a trip soon and I need to find a hotel room.	7
I want you to find a hotel for me with wifi. Wifi is a must.	7
I am going on a short break and need a hotel room.	7
I need to find a hotel in London, UK.	7
I need to find a hotel room.	7
I need to get a room at a 1 star hotel.	7
I am looking for one hotel room.	7
I need to book a hotel room.	7
I need to attend a meeting, that meeting is going to be held soon. will you search for a room in a hotel?	7
I want to find a hotel room.	7
Hey, I'm thinking of staying on a hotel. Find me a room.	7
I'm looking for three hotel rooms.	7
I am looking for a room in hotel with wifi facility.	7
I need a hotel room please	7
I'm going to need a hotel room soon	7
Please find me a room in a New York City hotel.	7
I want 2 hotel rooms at a 2 star hotel.	7
Could you help me find an hotel room, please?	7
I need to do a search for 2 star hotels with rooms available.	7
Can you look for a hotel room?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I will be having family visiting me soon and need to find two hotel rooms.	7
You can look for me a room in the hotel?I want only 1 room.	7
Hello, I am looking for a hotel room. Would you be able to assist me?	7
I'm looking for a hotel room.	7
I to find a three star hotel.	7
I'd like to find a hotel room.	7
I'm looking for somewhere I can grab some food in Fremont. Something intermediate priced would be perfect.	13
I'm hungry and want to find a great restaurant.	13
Could you find a restaurant for me? I'm looking for a place to eat.	13
Can you recommend a place to eat?	13
I'm looking for a good place to eat to take my date. She really like's Shabu-shabu food and lives in Berkeley. 	13
I am just getting off work, could you recommend a place to get some food?	13
I am looking for a place to eat. I want a place which serves alcohol.	13
I'm very hungry right now, I'd like to eat somewhere.	13
I wanna find a place to eat. 	13
Im very hungry I would like to eat somewhere	13
My family and I will be taking a vacation in the near future.  Do you have any suggestions on a place to eat?	13
I am meeting a friend and we plant to get food. Can you find me a place that sells noodles in Millbrae?	13
I am going out to dinner later. Do you know of any good restaurants in SF?	13
I am going out later with my girlfriend and we would like to go to a restaurant for dinner, can you recommend a place?	13
I think I'd like to see a movie.	9
Can you recommend a movie to watch?	9
What movies are there to watch?	9
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?	9
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.	9
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.	9
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.	9
Can you suggest any movies?	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
Hi, I want to find a movie to watch this weekend. 	9
I'd like to watch a movie.	9
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.	9
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?	9
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?	9
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?	9
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.	9
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?	9
Find me some movies online.	8
I want to watch a show. What movie is available online? 	8
I'm trying to find a site to watch movies online. Do you know of any	8
I'm looking for some good movies to watch online.	8
I am looking to find some online movies.	8
I want to look online for some movies.	8
I am searching online for movies, and enjoy those directed by Neil Burger.  I would also like to find comic movies.	8
I'd like to find a Drama movie to watch online.	8
I am looking online for movies that have been directed by Kevin Kolsch. 	8
I want to watch a movie.	8
I'd like to watch a movie with my kids - can you find any that are directed by Dean DeBlois?	8
I'm looking for a movie to watch online later. Can you help me with that?	8
I'd like to find some movies online to watch later.	8
I want to watch a movie. Can you find me some to watch online?	8
I'm looking movies directed by Anthony Maras, preferably action packed & full of suspense.	8
I'd like to find a movie online.	8
I feel like watching a movie online. Do you have anything directed by Tom McCarthy or something like that?	8
I am looking to book a house and check out on the 14th of March.	7
Can you book a house for two people in Kuala Lumpur? Thanks!	7
I really need to get away and think I want to book a house.	7
I need assistance with booking a house, can you book a house?	7
I'd like to rent a house for a few days.	7
I want to book a house and would like to check in on March 7th for 3 people.	7
I am looking to stay in a house in phoenix with enough room for 3 people. I want to arrive on the 5th of this month.	7
I am traveling to Long Beach, CA, I want to book a house from Tuesday next week until the 14th.	7
Hello, I'd like to book a house please.	7
I'd like to book a house to stay in from the 5th of March.	7
I would like to reserve a house.	7
I need to rent a house for an upcoming trip.	7
Find a house for me to stay.	7
I need to find a place to stay in Toronto, Ontario. Show me results rated 4.3 or higher. There's 5 people staying.	7
I need to find a house to stay in soon, can you help me find one?	7
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay.	7
I want to find a house to stay in.	7
I am going on a trip with colleagues. Could you please make a reservation for me at the AC Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Buckhead At Phipps Plaza? I would stay until the 11th of this month.	7
I'm going to a conference soon. Can you find hotels near the conference hall?	7
I need to booko a hotel room please.	7
My family and I are looking to make a hotel reservation for 3.	7
Please reserve a room at Travelodge By Wyndham San Francisco Central for Saturday this week until March 11th.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I'm looking to rent a hotel room soon. Can you help?	7
I need to book a hotel.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I need to make a hotel reservation for my trip. Can you help me?	7
I would like to reserve a hotel?	7
I need to make a reservation for a hotel.	7
I WANT TO MAKE A HOTEL RESERVATION.I WANT THE ROOM FOR TWELVE DAYS.	7
I need a hotel reservation.	7
Make a hotel reservation for me on March 10th.	7
I'm planning my next business trip and I need to book a hotel room for 8 days.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation.	7
I am going on holidays this month. Can you please make a reservation for two rooms at the hotel Hilton Garden Inn Phoenix Midtown?	7
Can I make a hotel reservation?	7
I am going out on a trip. Can you suggest me some hotels?	7
I am visiting NY this weekend, cand you find me a hotel in the city with three rooms available?	7
Hi, I'm in search for some nice hotels, can you help me?	7
I'm looking for hotels?	7
Can you book a hotel room for me?	7
I want to search for a room in a hotel.	7
I want to watch a movie.	8
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant for the 6th of March.	13
I'm interested in making a reservation for five people at the Artisan restaurant in Lafayette.	13
Please book a reservation at 7 pm.	13
Please can i make a reservation at a restaurant?	13
Can you please help me make a reservation for a restaurant?	13
I am meeting family for brunch tomorrow morning. Can you find me a resturaunt in Cupertino and schedule my reservation for 11:30 in the morning?	13
Can i please make a reservation for 7 pm at Tambo.	13
I wish to make a reservation for 3 people next Thursday at five pm.	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant and make it at half past 11 in the morning.	13
I wan to make reservations at a restaurant.	13
Make a reservation at a restaurant in Oakland	13
I'm undecided on what event I want to attend next. Name some off for me and I'll decide on one.	4
With our vacation coming up, we want to set up something in advance this time, like some entertaining event. What can you come up with for us, please?	4
Please find me a date for an event.	4
I want something to do in Portland, OR. What are the dates of events?	4
I'm looking for the date to an event.	4
What events are coming up?	4
I want to find some events to attend.	4
Can you help me find some events for dates?	4
I am looking for an event	4
Can you help me look up the dates for some events?	4
I will be meeting someone in Phoenix. But before that someone told me to check out Diamondbacks Vs Mets game. Can you find dates for this event?	4
I'm interested in seeing an event.	4
I am wanting to find some dates for events.	4
I want to find some event dates. I heard that Seattle vs LA Angels will be really good. I am interested in finding something in Seattle.	4
I'm looking for some events dates. I'm interest in Aly and Aj in, preferably in SD.	4
I am interested in seeing Carmina Burana in SFO. Can you find me the dates?	4
I want to see the Yankees Vs Rangers in New York City .	4
I'm looking for some events.	4
Hey! Do you have any dates for shortly occurring matchups? I think Diamondbacks Vs Dodgers is coming up soon in Phoenix. Do you have any idea?	4
I need to get out more. I hear Jojo Siwa is great, is there an event with her happening in New York City?	4
Can you find events in Vancouver, BC?	4
I'm looking for some event dates.	4
I wanna know some dates for events.	4
I would like to find some event dates.	4
What events are coming up?	4
I would like you to search for event dates.	4
i am interested in an event called padres vs diamondbacks in sd	4
Can you help me search for interesting events to go to?	4
I want to find dates for events in Toronto. I would like Toronto Vs Ottawa as that is good.	4
I want to know what dates it's happening on in LAX.	4
I need to find some events to enjoy my free time and I need your help to search for the same.	4
I need events in NYC.	4
Get me the dates of some events.	4
Hi! Can you help me find something to do?	4
I want to go to an event of some sort, can you find me some nice suggestions?	4
I want to find some dates for some events. I have heard that Chemical Brothers is good.	4
I'd like to find some dates for events, in particular in New York City. Maybe Westside Gunn?	4
I'd like to find a date for an event. Specifically a Blue Jays Vs Mariners game in Toronto.	4
Someone recommended me to go to Blue Jays Vs Indians. Are there any dates soon for this.	4
Hi. I'm in town and I'd like to find some dates for events.	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I am interested in finding events for Yellow Jackets Vs Wolfpack.	4
I need to find dates to an event in LAX.	4
Hi, I want to find out when some events are taking place. I'm interested in Falcons vs Buccaneers.	4
I'm looking for events in Los Angeles	4
I want to know the events for a specific date.	4
I am interested in an event, and I want to know the dates for it. Some people told me that the Aftershock Festival is fun. The event I am looking for should be in Sacramento, CA.	4
I'm looking for dates of an event.	4
I'm looking to add some event dates to my free time. Can you help me find events going on in Chi-town? I'd be particularly keen to see Timmy Trumpet.	4
I would like to find dates for Vivian Green in New York, I hear this is suppose to be pretty good.	4
I'm looking for dates for some events.	4
Let's search dates for upcoming events please.	4
I want to find some events is SD.	4
I am interested in looking for dates for events.	4
Hey, I want to find dates for the Dodgers Vs Diamondbacks in LAX.	4
I have a friend visiting from out of town and need to find something for us to do in NY. I heard Chris Botti is coming. Can you check that for me?	4
I would like to find dates for events.	4
I want to find dates for events please.	4
I want to find dates for an event I am interested in. Some people told me that Giants Vs Phillies is fun.	4
I am looking for an event. I heard that Spose is good.	4
I want to check out some dates for some events.	4
Can you find me the dates for a Huskies vs Utes game?	4
I'm looking for events in New York city, I heard that is good Yankees vs Orioles	4
When is the Angels Vs White Sox game in Anaheim, CA?	4
I need dates for the Portland Thorns Vs Houston in Portland, OR.	4
I am looking for the dates of events.	4
I am looking for dates of upcoming events.	4
What are the latest happenings?	4
I want to get our more. Do you know if Russian Circles is available around New York?	4
Hey, I want to find the dates that Kishi Bashi is going on.	4
I am looking for event dates. Someone told me Tuxedo was great.	4
Can you help me find a good event in Seattle? Maybe Seattle Vs La Angels.	4
I am interested in finding dates for Electric Feels events around San Francisco.	4
I'm looking for dates for events in New York City.	4
I've got some leisure time, and I want to go to an event.	4
I need you to buy me one ticket to go to the event named Aly and Aj.	4
Please reserve for me 1 ticket for an event on March 10th.	4
There's no place like home, but I'm looking for a little adventure for our vacation. What do you recommend for a nice Tuxedo event coming up in Philly for 2 persons?	4
I want to buy tickets.	4
Can you get me event tickets?	4
I need you to find me some tickets for an event.	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to go for an event, I need to reserve tickets on tomorrow.	4
Hello! I'd like to purchase one ticket to the Diamondbacks Vs Giants game on March 13th.	4
Hi there, could you help me reserve one ticket for an event on 14th of march?	4
I want to do something on March 12th. I would like to reserve 1 ticket to the Lafc Vs Rapids event.	4
I need your assistance to but tickets for an event.	4
Can you get me three tickets to Friends on the 12th?	4
We friends are going to celebrate birthday party of my sun by watching an event. Please book three tickets.	4
I'd like to reserve tickets to an event, please.	4
I would like to buy tickets to Styx on March 10th.	4
I'd like three tickets to Angels Vs Mariners in Anaheim, CA.	4
Help me book tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to buy tickets for an event.	4
Hey, check for tickets for a White Sox Vs Yankees game in Chicago on the 2nd.	4
I would like to book event tickets.	4
I'd like to reserve some tickets to the Sparks Vs Storm game in LA. I need 3 tickets total.	4
I want to go to something. Help me reserve tickets to an event.	4
I want to reserve 4 tickets to Vivian Green in New York.	4
I want to buy two tickets for a Laura Osnes event on 4th of March.	4
I need something interesting to do. I'd like it if you can help me reserve some tickets for an event.	4
Can you find me an event on March 6th that I may like	4
I am looking for tickets to an event.	4
I want to reserve event tickets?	4
I'd like to book two tickets to the Psychedelic Furs.	4
I want to search for some nice events and I also need to book tickets for that on 4th of March. Can you search to find the on elike The Struts around SD?	4
I am looking for something to do next Wednesday in Seattle. I would need four tickets.	4
I need to reserve event tickets.	4
I'd like to book tickets.	4
I am planning to visit an event and I would need help with ticket reservation.	4
Fine me three tickets for an event in NY on the 12th of this month.	4
Hi there, could you reserve some event tickets for me please?	4
i am looking for a ticket to an event	4
I would like to reserve 3 tickets to an event.	4
I need something to do on Sunday this week in San Diego. Can you get me 1 ticket for something?	4
When can I watch it?	9
I forgot I had plans to go to the movies tonight. What time is the movie playing again?	9
What time is my movie playing?	9
What time can I watch that?	9
I'd like to watch an IMAX showing of Dumbo. What times were available?	9
I wanna see it on the 9th of this month	9
I want to a watch a regular showing of Ash Is Purest White. What times is it playing. And I want to watch it in SF.	9
What time can I watch a movie.	9
I'd like to watch a movie. Can you tell me what showtimes are available?	9
What time does the movie play?	9
I'd like to watch something at Presidio Theatre. What times were available?	9
I want to see an imax movie in Novato today.	9
What time can see it?	9
Would you look for movies in San Jose from the 4th? I'd like to watch Breakthrough. What time can I watch?	9
What time could I watch it?	9
Can you tell me the time when I can watch the movie?	9
Hello, can you please help me find a 3d movie to watch on March 6th? I am hoping to view it at the Petaluma.	9
When is it showing?	9
Hey! Please may I know at what time can I watch the movie?	9
I want to watch CineLux Tennant Station. What time is that available to watch?	9
What time is the movie available that I want to watch?	9
What time can I see it? I want to see it on the 9th of March.	9
What time on the 6th of this month can I watch dogman?	9
What time can I watch a movie? I want to see a flick in Morgan Hill on March 8th.	9
I am looking for a movie to watch at Century at Tanforan.	9
When can I watch it?	9
I'd like to watch a movie at Veranda LUXE Cinema in Concord, on March 2nd. What times are available?	9
can you tell me what time can I watch it?	9
I want to go watch a movie, what are the showtimes?	9
What time can I watch a film?	9
I want to watch red joan at piedmont theatre	9
Can you tell me what time can I watch it?	9
When can I watch the movie?	9
At what time can I see a movie?	9
I want to watch a movie later today.	9
Can you search for movies in Moraga at the Rheem Theatre and tell me the times please?	9
I'm looking to go to the movies at the AMC Deer Valley on the 6th	9
I want to see a movie.	9
Will you find movies at Summerfield Cinemas in Santa Rosa on 2nd of this month?	9
What time can I see the movie?	9
When can I watch the movie?	9
I want to go to movies for which I need your help. Can you search for the one which suits my taste and also I want to know the show times.	9
What are the times I can watch at Brenden, Vacaville?	9
Can you tell me timings for a regular show of Little?	9
What time can I watch it.	9
What time will I be able to watch it? I want to view it on March 9th.	9
I want to watch Dumbo, and I want to know at what time can I watch it.	9
What time can I see it!?	9
I want to go watch Hotel Mumbai at Century at Pacific Commons, what showtimes are there?	9
When can I watch it?	9
I like to watch the movie Red Joan at Embarcadero Center Cinema in San Fran. Can you find me the Show times for this movie?	9
At what time is it on?	9
Hi, could you search for showtimes for the Hellboy movie in the Cloverdale area?	9
Can you tell me at what time can watch the movie DUmbo at THE LOT City Center?	9
Can you tell me the time when I can watch the movie?	9
I want to see a movie next Friday at Century Union Landing.	9
What time can I watch it.	9
I want to watch a movie at AMC NewPark. What times is it available?	9
Will you find movies in Emeryville?	9
At what time can I watch it in March 7th?	9
I would like to watch Breakthrough as a 3d show on March 4th. What time could I see it?	9
Can you tell me the time when I can watch the movie?	9
I am in a nice mood to watch some movies and I need your help to find some interested one for me.	9
I want to find some nice movies and I would like to watch it in Santa Rosa on 1st of this month. Can you search for the show time?	9
I want to see Gloria Bell at New Parkway Theater. What time can I see it. Also, any showing will do.	9
find me some movie. I want to it on the 6th	9
I'd like to find an imax film to see in San Rafael, something at the Smith Rafael Film Center please.	9
What time can I watch it?	9
At what time can I watch the movie.	9
What time can I watch Captain Marvel?	9
What time is it on?	9
What time can I watch it at?	9
Please find out the time I can watch it.	9
At what time can i watch it?	9
Find out what time it's available to be watched.	9
Could you find for movies shown in Walnut Creek and i like to watch Missing Link with imax show. At what time i can watch this movie?	9
What time can I see a film?	9
Is Dumbo plying today in Santa Rosa.	9
I want to find a regular movie at Century Redwood City in Redwood City.	9
What time would it be showing?	9
What time can I watch at Lark Theater?	9
What time will I be able to watch it?	9
What are its showtimes?	9
Can you look for movies in Morgan Hill and what is the show timing?	9
At what time i can watch it?	9
I want to check the weather for March 7th.	19
Please check the weather for me in sonoma on 9th of this month	19
What does the weather on March 14th look like?	19
Check for me please the weather in Mountain View.	19
Do you know the weather on March 9th?	19
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 8th.	19
What's the weather like on Thursday next week?	19
What'll the weather be like on March 9th?	19
What will the weather be like on 4th of this month in San Fran?	19
Can you find me the weather in Novato for March 13th?	19
I still haven't figured out what to do for my date coming up. Can you check the weather for me?	19
Can you check the weather for me on March 13th?	19
I need to find out the weather in Napa.	19
I want the weather in Lafayette on March 4th	19
What is the weather like in Santa Rosa on the March 10th?	19
What is the weather in Menlo Park on March 9th?	19
what's the weather gonna be like in campbell on the March 6th?	19
Can you check the weather in Walnut Creek on March 7th?	19
What is the weather in Alameda.	19
What is the weather in Fairfield on the March 13th.	19
Whats it going to be like outside on March 8th?	19
What is the weather status in Redwood city?	19
Can you tell me how the weather is in San Ramon on March 5th?	19
Check the weather on March 5th at Muir Beach.	19
i want to check the weather in healdsburg on March 7th.	19
I'm going to be at St. Helena soon. How's the weather there?	19
Could you check the weather forecast for me?	19
I want to know weather on March 5th	19
Please help me check the weather in Clayton.	19
I need to find out the weather for March 1st.	19
I need to find out the weather in Daly City on March 7th.	19
I would like to check out the weather in Pleasant Hill on March 5th.	19
Will you be nice and check the weather in Burlingame for me on March 11th please?	19
What's the weather like in Union City on March 10th?	19
Please check the weather on 11th of March.	19
I almost forgot I have this trip coming up. Can you check the weather for me in Burlingame on 5th of this month?	19
Please check the weather in Danville on March 1st We have a company meeting there.	19
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 11th in Belmont.	19
I'd like to check the weather please.	19
Can you check the weather in El Sobrante on March 13th?	19
What weather will be in San Lorenzo on March 8th?	19
What's the weather forecast for Livermore on March 12th.	19
What's the weather looking like for March 2nd?	19
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Montara on March 7th please?	19
Whats the weather like in Rutherford on the March 10th?	19
What's the weather gonna be like March 7th?	19
Hey, can you tell me the weather on March 1st in Valley Ford?	19
I'll be going on a short trip to Napa next Tuesday. Can you check what the weather will be like?	19
Could you tell me the weather conditions please?	19
What is the weather like in inverness?	19
I need to see what the weather is like in El Cerrito on the March 11th.	19
What is the weather in Fairfax on the 12th?	19
Check weather for March 13th.	19
I want to know what the weather would be like?	19
What is the weather in San Francisco like this Saturday?	19
What will the weather be on March 1st?	19
Could you tell me the weather?	19
Can you help me check the weather for March 1st for Campbell?	19
Please check the weather on March 7th.	19
I need the weather forecast for the 7th.	19
Can you check the weather in Paris, France for me?	19
I will go to Millbrae soon. Can you check the weather in there on March 6th?	19
I would like to check the weather.	19
i want to check the weather in calistoga on the 3rd of this month.	19
What will the weather be like in Pleasant Hill on the 9th of March?	19
I would like to check the weather in Hercules.	19
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to be like on Wednesday next week in Hercules?	19
What is the weather going to be like on March 6th in Seattle, WA?	19
I wish to check the weather in Nairobi on march 1st.	19
I like to check the weather on 11th of march.	19
What's the forecast for the 8th in Sydney?	19
I want to check the weather condition in Daly City on March 12th. Can you help me to check there?	19
What will the weather be in Chi-town on the 10th?	19
Can you check the weather for me on March 4th in Los Angeles?	19
I have to verify the weather on the 7th.	19
What's the weather forecast for the March 11th?	19
What's the weather forecast for the Sunday this week in Inverness?	19
Can you tell me what the weather is in San Pablo?	19
What is the weather forecast for the March 3rd?	19
What is the weather like on the March 4th?	19
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.	19
What's the forecast for Rutherford 4th of this month?	19
I want to check the Weather condition for which I need your help.	19
Can you check to see what the weather forecast will be in Mill Valley on March 1st?	19
I need to check out the weather for the the 14th in East Palo Alto.	19
Check the weather in Albany.	19
Please check the weather on March 13th.	19
I would like to know the weather in Alamo for the 9th of March.	19
Can you look up the weather in Fairfield on the March 6th?	19
I need to know the weather in Sacramento, CA on 12th of this month.	19
Tell me what the weather will be in Castro Valley on March 12th.	19
What's the weather like in LA?	19
I want to check the weather on March 7th.	19
Can you check the weather for march 13th?	19
What is the weather on Friday next week.	19
Can you check the weather in Foster City on March 14th?	19
Can you check the weather for me in Pescadero for the the 7th?	19
Please check the weather.	19
What is the weather going to be in Oakley on 12th of this month?	19
I'm going to be seeing a friend in Inverness. Can you see what the weather's like there?	19
How will the weather be in Geyserville on the March 3rd?	19
I want to know what the weather will be like on Tuesday next week.	19
What kind of weather do you show for the Monday next week, please?	19
Tell me what the weather will be in Martinez on March 4th.	19
What's the weather like at the river in Forestville on 12th of this month?	19
I need to check the weather.	19
Help me look up the weather.	19
What's the weather in Ciudad de Mexico?	19
I want to find a place to sleep, so I want you to find me some hotel in Seattle, WA, and I am in need of 1 room.	7
I need to find a hotel.	7
Would you search for some hotels?	7
Would you look for some hotels?	7
I need to go on a short trip soon. Can you help me book two rooms in a hotel around NY?	7
Are you able to help me find a hotel?	7
I need hotel options.	7
Can you find me a hotel room near Sydney? Just one room	7
I would like to find one hotel room around LA.	7
Please find me some hotels.	7
Please find me 1 room at a San Fran hotel.	7
I need somewhere to stay in?	7
Could you find me some hotels that allow pets?	7
Can you search some hotels?	7
I want a hotel in Los Angeles. I want a place where pets can stay.	7
I need to find some hotels.	7
I need to find three hotel rooms around Sydney, NSW.	7
WOuld you find some hotels for me?	7
Would you find me some hotels?	7
Can you find me 1 hotel room in London, UK?	7
I need the list of hotels from where I can taste excellent cuisines ,can you help?	7
I need to find a hotel.	7
I need one room in a hotel.	7
can you find a hotel for me?	7
I'm going to be visiting NYC soon. Can you book one hotel room for me?	7
Try to find me a hotel.	7
Find me a hotel which allows pets	7
I need to find some hotels?	7
Can you suggest me a restaurant providing nice food?	7
I'm trying to find a hotel please and I need one that accept pets.	7
Can you help me book 1 hotel room in New Delhi?	7
I need you to find some hotels.	7
I have a plan on a short trip and I need to search for some nice Hotels to stay for a while. Can you help me to find the best one?	7
Will you reserve 2 hotel rooms?	7
I need to find some hotels?	7
Now that the holidays are getting close, I think I have a better idea of where I want to go. Would you please use your great mind to help me find 1 room at a hotel that permits pets in New York?	7
Could you find me a hotel in Sydney? I need two rooms.	7
Could you help me in finding some hotels around Paris? I wish to reserve three rooms.	7
I will be traveling soon, I need a hotel room.	7
Hey I need you to find me some hotels.	7
Can you help me to search for the hotels around London? I want to book 1 room?	7
You know any good hotels?	7
Can you find me some hotels around LA. I need to book 1 room.	7
Can you help me book one hotel room?	7
Would you look for 1 hotel room?	7
Could you find me some hotels?	7
Will you find hotels?	7
I want to go to some nice hotels, can you help me to find one and I need to book 3 rooms there.	7
Would you look for hotels around London?	7
Would you look for some hotels for me?	7
Can you locate some hotels for you?	7
I need help with a hotel in NY.	7
I am interested in find one room at a hotel in London, England.	7
I want a hotel room!	7
Could you search me hotels around London, England where pets are allowed and i wish to book one room.	7
Hello! I am looking for accommodation. Please can you help me to find some good hotels?	7
Could you help me find some hotels around Chi-town?	7
I'm looking for a hotel around London, UK, and I just want to book one room. Can you find anything?	7
I'd like some help finding a hotel.	7
I need you to find me a few hotels.	7
I need a hotel	7
I need a hotel In NYC.	7
I would like to find hotels.	7
Could you help me look for some hotels?	7
Could you find me some hotels?	7
Can you help me find a hotel?	7
I want to search for some Hotels and for which I need your help.	7
can you find me a good hotel	7
Would you look for some hotels in the NYC area?	7
I need help finding a hotel.	7
Would you find some hotels for me?	7
Hi, I need to find a hotel in SD. I just need one room.	7
Could you help me in finding some hotels?	7
Help me search for hotels please.	7
i am looking for 2 rooms in a hotel	7
Can you find some hotels around Washington?	7
Will you find some hotels around Los Angeles?	7
I'm searching for a nice hotel to stay in. Can you help me out?	7
Can you locate some hotels for me?	7
I need a hotel.	7
i need to spend my time with my family . will you find me some hotels near by ? i need to book one rooms.	7
Can you find me a hotel?	7
Can you please check the weather for me?	19
I would like to check the Bodega Bay weather for March 6th.	19
What is the weather in Long Beach?	19
Can you check the weather for me? I need to know what it will be like in Long beach, CA on the 3rd of March.	19
What's the weather going to be like in Oakland on the 6th of March?	19
Can you tell me how the weather will be in Seattle on March 6th?	19
Can you check the weather in Rio Vista on 6th of March.	19
I will be going to London, UK soon. Can you check the weather on March 4th?	19
Can you check the weather on March 1st?	19
Hpw is the weather in Anaheim, CA?	19
I would like to check the weather in Nairobi March 4th.	19
I need to check the weather in Toronto, Ontario	19
Can you check the weather forecats for the March 10th	19
What is the weather in Delhi, India on the March 11th?	19
Please check the weather in Sydney, Australia.	19
How is the weather in Washington?	19
Please help me check the weather on March 4th.	19
Please can you check the weather forecast on 5th of this month?	19
I need your help to check the weather condition in El Cerrito on March 8th. Can you do it for me now?	19
Check for me the weather in Toronto, Ontario.	19
I am interested in the weather in Nairobi for 9th of March.	19
I would like to check the weather in Philadelphia on March 11th.	19
tell weather in castro valley	19
I need to find out about the weather in Stinson Beach on the March 11th.	19
I will be visiting my sister at Sydney, Australia on March 13th, can you please check the weather for me?	19
I need to check the weather in Anaheim, CA.	19
can you check the weather in sd on March 6th?	19
Whats it like outside?	19
what's the weather in las vegas right now?	19
I wanna see the weather in delhi, india	19
check weather in delhi, india	19
I wanna check the weather in ATL on the 13th of March	19
Please can you find me a weather forecast for Nairobi, Kenya, on March 7th.	19
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA on today.	19
I want to know the weather.	19
I like to check the weather on march 5th.	19
Will you check the weather in El Cerrito on the 12th?	19
I need to check what the weather's like in Anaheim, Ca.	19
Will you check the weather in Sacramento, CA on March 7th?	19
Can you check the weather for March 2nd?	19
Can you check the weather in Los Angeles on 9th of this month?	19
What is the weather going to be like in Toronto, Ontario on the the 9th?	19
I would like to check the weather in Sacramento on March 10th.	19
I want to see the weather in LAX for the 3rd.	19
Tell me what the weather will be in Fairfield on the March 8th.	19
Can you tell me the weather in Paris, France?	19
What's the weather forecast for 14th of this month?	19
I want to check the weather condition on March 8th for which I need our help.	19
I want to check the Weather condition on a particular date which is the 13th. Please help me to check the same.	19
I'd like to find out the weather in LA on March 3rd.	19
What's the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?	19
What's the weather on March 10th?	19
Can you see what the weather will be in Delhi, India on the 6th of March?	19
What will the weather be on March 6th in New York?	19
I want to check about weather condition in a particular area for which I need your help to check the exact level.	19
I want to check the weather Condition on March 14th. Can you help me to check the same.	19
Can you tell me the weather forecast for March 5th?	19
What's the weather going to be like on March 12th?	19
I need to know the weather, please.	19
Can you please check the weather for me on this Sunday in Bay Point?	19
I need the weather for Sydney for March 12th.	19
Will you check the weather in Nairobi on March 12th?	19
I would like to get the weather forecast.	19
Please check the weather.	19
I want to see how the weather is in Philadelphia on March 3rd.	19
Hi, could you help me check the weather on 5th of this month please?	19
What's the weather like in Fresno, Ca?	19
Could you check the forecasted weather in San Diego on 12th of this month?	19
What will the weather be like in London on March 14th?	19
Could you give me the weather forecast for March 7th?	19
I would like you to check the weather for March 5th.	19
Can you please check the weather for 13th of this month?	19
I want to check the weather condition in Atlanta on March 7th for which I need your help.	19
Hello! On March 11th, please may I know how the weather will be?	19
Please check the weather in LA for me	19
Hello! Can you tell me the weather forecast for SD on March 4th, for I've to travel for a trip?	19
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on 1st of March?	19
Tell me what the weather's like in Long Beach, CA.	19
Can you check the weather in Portland on March 11th for me?	19
I'd like to check the New York weather for the 11th of March.	19
I'd like to check the weather please.	19
I need to check the March 1st for weather please.	19
I would like to know something about the weather	19
I want to check the weather on the March 13th in SD.	19
I need to check the weather for 3rd of this month.	19
I need the weather for San Diego on March 3rd.	19
I want to know how the weather will be on 9th of March.	19
What's the weather like in Portland?	19
I need to find out the weather in Bodega Bay for the 9th.	19
I would like information on the weather	19
I'd like to check the weather.	19
Get me the weather for March 12th.	19
Please check the weather on March 2nd at Pinole	19
I would like the forecast in Kuala Lumpur for March 12th please.	19
What will the weather be on the next Monday in Vancouver?	19
I want to check the weather condition for the date 3rd of March. Can you help me to check the same.	19
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 1st.	19
What's the weather going to be like Delhi on March 12th?	19
what's the weather gonna be like in sydney on march 5th?	19
What is the weather forecast for New York on the March 6th?	19
Can you check the weather for me?	19
I'd like to check the weather for March 5th.	19
I need to check the Vancouver weather on the 5th of March please.	19
I want to check the weather condition particularly on March 7th. Can you check it for me?	19
I'd like check the weather for 14th of this month.	19
Verify weather conditions for Long Beach, CA on the March 2nd.	19
What is the weather on March 10th in Gilroy	19
Could you tell me the weather in Paris please?	19
Get the current weather please.	19
I want to verify the weather condition on the 5th.	19
I would like to know what's the weather like	19
I want to check the weather condition in particular area like San Rafael. Can you check it for me?	19
Whats the weather like in London, UK	19
Can you tell me the weather?	19
Can you help me check the weather in DC as I will be travelling there?	19
Can you check the weather.	19
Could you please check the weather forecast in Toronto, Ontario.	19
Will you be my weather checker, please?	19
I need to check the weather.	19
What the weather like in Philadelphia, on March 1st?	19
My trip is coming up soon. Can you check the weather for me in Portland, OR?	19
Can you tell how the weather is going to be on the March 2nd in Fresno, CA?	19
Can you check weather for the March 12th?	19
I want to know how the weather will be on the 8th in Nairobi.	19
What are the weather conditions in SD on 7th of March?	19
What's the weather like in London?	19
Please check the weather in New York.	19
Could you check the weather forecast for 5th of this month?	19
What is the weather in NYC on March 9th.	19
Tell me what the weather is right now.	19
The last thing I have to do for my wedding is make the honeymoon reservations. Can you tell me what the weather is going to be like on March 5th in Delhi.	19
Can you tell me the weather?	19
I need weather for Novato on March 5th.	19
Will you check the weather in Chicago?	19
Tell me what the weather is like on the March 12th.	19
Hey! Please can you tell me what's the present weather condition?	19
Check the weather in Phoenix, AZ.	19
I will be meeting a friend in Seattle on March 10th, please check the weather for me.	19
I would like to check the weather for March 1st.	19
Can you tell me what the weather is in New York City?	19
Please check weather for March 2nd.	19
what is the weather	19
Can you check the weather for me for March 5th.	19
Will you check the weather on March 7th in Portland?	19
I want to check the weather for March 11th.	19
what is the weather in washington on Friday next week	19
Can you check the weather in Kuala Lumpur on the March 13th?	19
I would like to see what the weather will be like in March 14th.	19
Hello! Please can you check the weather forecast?	19
Whats the weather like in Las Vegas?	19
Can you please check the weather for me in Fresno, CA on 1st of this month?	19
What's the weather going to be on next Tuesday?	19
I need to find out the weather in Toronto, Ontario.	19
What's the weather in LA like on the March 14th?	19
Hey, can you tell me the weather on the March 4th?	19
I want to check the weather condition in Washington for the date 1st of March. Can you help me to check the same?	19
I need to know what the weather is like.	19
Here's something for you to look up. What's the weather going to be in Nairobi on March 1st, I'd be pleased to know?	19
Check for me the weather on March 5th in Phoenix.	19
I will be travelling soon, I need to know how the weather will be.	19
I would like weather information in Sydney	19
Give me the weather report for March 6th please.	19
What's it like outside in LA?	19
I would like to check the weather on Saturday this week in San Francisco.	19
I would like the weather report.	19
Tell me what the weather will be in Paris on March 1st.	19
I want to check the weather on March 10th.	19
I would like to know how the weather will be.	19
Can you help me check the weather please	19
What will the weather be like in Philly on the 5th of this month?	19
I need to check the weather for March 2nd	19
I need the weather for the Tuesday next week please.	19
I want to check the weather condition on the a particular date that is March 9th for which I need your help.	19
I would like to find out the weather on March 10th.	19
I need to check the weather in Portland, OR.	19
Can you check weather in Seattle, WA?	19
I want to know how the weather will be in Nairobi.	19
Can you get me the weather for New York for 5th of this month?	19
What's the weather forecast for March 6th?	19
Can you look up the weather for Phoenix, AZ on March 10th?	19
I need the weather for March 14th.	19
What's the weather going to be like on the March 4th?	19
What is the weather like in Portland?	19
Hi, I'd like to know the weather in Chi-town.	19
Please tell me the weather in Portland, OR.	19
I want to see the weather in Phoenix on the day of 11th of March.	19
please check the weather in sacramento for me	19
Please check the weather for me.	19
I need to make some last minute plans for my trip. Can you check the weather real quick?	19
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on the 11th of March?	19
What's the forecast for March 6th?	19
Check the weather on March 13th	19
What's the weather?	19
What will the weather be like in Vegas on the 13th?	19
What is the weather in Sacramento?	19
Phoenix forecast.	19
Can you help me check the weather?	19
Can you check the weather on March 1st in Fresno?	19
I'd like to check the weather forecast for March 6th in Phoenix, AZ.	19
What is he weather like on March 9th?	19
Can you check the weather for me?	19
What's the weather going to be like in Portland, OR on March 12th?	19
I might be going to NYC soon, can you check the weather?	19
What will the weather be like in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?	19
Hi, I need to see what the weather is like in Mountain View.	19
I need to check the weather on the March 8th.	19
Hi, I'd like to check the weather in Portland, OR on March 6th.	19
I want to know how the weather will be in LAX on March 1st.	19
What will the weather in London be on March 4th?	19
I would like to check the weather forecast for March 7th in San Francisco.	19
What is the weather?	19
I want to check the weather condition on March 13th and I need your help in this regard.	19
What will the weather be like in Atherton on 3rd of March?	19
What will the weather be Tuesday next week?	19
I want to check the weather condition in New York on March 13th for which I need your help.	19
How will the weather be in District of Columbia on March 3rd?	19
Could you possibly check what the weather is going to be like on today?	19
I will be visiting my sister on Portland on March 4th, can you please check the weather for me?	19
check weather march 7th	19
Get me a detailed weather report please.	19
I wanna see the weather in Olema, California please	19
Hi, can you tell me how the weather is in Sydney?	19
I need to check the weather in Atlanta for the March 8th.	19
Tell me what the weather is like	19
Tell me the weather in NYC please.	19
What is the weather like?	19
I'm on my way to the family reunion. Would you use your great mind to tell me the weather in Atlanta on March 7th?	19
I want to know how the weather is going to be in LAX on March 5th.	19
What's the weather for Sydney please.	19
I want to check the weather for March 12th.	19
I would like information on the weather	19
What's the weather like on March 10th?	19
Please check the weather.	19
Can you get me the weather forecast for New Delhi on March 13th?	19
Give me a weather report.	19
What's the weather for NYC on March 2nd?	19
Can you check the weather on March 2nd in KL for me?	19
I need to check the weather for the March 3rd in Phoenix.	19
Find out what the weather will be like in NYC on March 2nd.	19
Tell me about the weather in San Francisco on March 7th	19
What is the weather forecast for the March 1st?	19
Hello! Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Portland, OR today?	19
I am planning for an outing. Do you have information about weather?	19
Can you please check the weather for me in Delhi on March 3rd?	19
What is the weather going to be like on March 14th?	19
Can you check the weather in San Francisco for March 1st?	19
I need to check the weather in Vancouver on the the 10th.	19
Check the weather on March 2nd	19
Ah, I forgot I'm going to San Fran on March 5th. Can you check the weather that day for me?	19
What is the weather supppose to be in Kuala Lumpur on March 10th?	19
I want to know how the weather is in Portland, OR.	19
I would like information on the weather	19
What is the weather like on next Tuesday?	19
Please check the weather on March 6th.	19
I'd like to check the weather on the March 14th.	19
What is the weather in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?	19
Can you check the weather in Chi-town for March 3rd?	19
What's it like outside? In Anaheim, CA.	19
Please check the weather in Phoenix, AZ for March 9th	19
I'd like to check the weather for 7th of March.	19
I want you to check the Phoenix weather.	19
What will the weather be like in LAX on March 3rd?	19
Find out what the weather is like in Toronto, Ontario.	19
Would you mind checking the LA weather for me?	19
Can you check the forecast for Seattle on March 7th?	19
Can you please check the weather for me on March 7th in Nairobi, Kenya.	19
I need to go if a should get a coat. What's the weather gonna be on March 6th?	19
Please check the weather on 1st of March	19
I'd like to check the weather for March 9th.	19
Tell me what the weather is.	19
Hey! please can you tell me what's the weather forecast on 13th of March?	19
What is the weather going to be on March 8th?	19
What will the weather be like in Atlanta, GA?	19
please check the weather in sydney on 9th of this month	19
Hi there, could you help me check the weather at Albany on March 2nd please?	19
I want to check the weather for Portland, OR on March 2nd.	19
I wish to check out the weather on March 10th.	19
I want to find out what the weather will be like on March 4th.	19
Check the weather for me.	19
Hello! Please can you check the weather in Chicago, IL on March 12th. Is there any scattered Thunderstorms?	19
I'm going to be visiting friends in Nairobi fairly soon. What's the weather like there on March 3rd?	19
Hi there, could you help me check the weather in LAX?	19
Can you please check the weather?	19
What is the weather in New York City on 10th of March?	19
Can I get the weather?	19
Hey, I want you to tell me about the weather.	19
What's the weather forecast in KL on March 9th?	19
How is the weather on March 5th?	19
I would like to check out the weather in LA on March 10th.	19
I need to check the weather for the March 9th.	19
I need more updates about the weather in stanford on March 14th	19
I want to see what the weather conditions are like in Paris, France.	19
Could you look at the weather forecast for March 2nd in Toronto, Ontario.	19
I need to find out the weather in Sydney on March 14th.	19
Could you assist me in checking the weather forecast for March 5th in Portland, OR.	19
Can you check the weather?	19
Check the weather in London, England.	19
What is the weather in Los Altos on March 13th?	19
Can you get me the weather on March 7th.	19
Can you show me the weather?	19
I'd like to find out the weather.	19
What's the weather like in London?	19
Can you give me the weather forecast for Chi-town?	19
Check the weather in San Diego for March 1st please.	19
What will the weather be like on March 2nd?	19
What's the wether forecast for March 7th?	19
What's the weather forecast for Philly on March 14th?	19
Can you check the weather in Paris on March 7th?	19
Hi there, could you help me check the weather on March 13th?	19
What is the weather in Las Vegas on March 11th	19
What's the weather going to be like in Chi-town on 3rd of March?	19
I want to find out what the weather will be like in Paris, France on March 3rd.	19
Please help me check the weather in Ny on this Sunday.	19
I need to check out the weather on March 11th.	19
I need to finish making plans for my upcoming trip. Can you check the weather for me?	19
Please check the weather.	19
Can you help me look up the weather for San Diego on March 13th?	19
Hello. What is the weather going to be like in SD on the March 12th?	19
I need to check the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 5th	19
What's the weather going to be like on March 10th?	19
Could you check what the weather will be like on March 11th?	19
I'm doing a bit of traveling in the next few days. Can you check the weather in Rohnert Park for me?	19
Tell me what the weather will be on the 6th of this month in Delhi, India.	19
I will be travelling soon and I would like to know the weather.	19
What will the weather be on March 1st in Atlanta, GA?	19
Can you tell me the weather of KL on the March 4th?	19
What is the weather suppose to be in Paris, France on March 3rd?	19
What's the weather forecast to be like on the 9th?	19
I want to know how the weather will be on the 9th.	19
I would like to check out the weather in Toronto, Ontario on March 4th.	19
I need to see what the weather is in Portland, OR on the 12th of this month.	19
Can I get the weather for March 2nd?	19
What's the weather forecast?	19
I want to check the weather condition on 9th of this month for which I need your help.	19
i want to check weather in seattle on march 6th	19
What'll the weather be like in Vegas on March 11th?	19
Can you tell me the weather in NYC for Wednesday next week?	19
I want to know the weather in Phoenix, AZ.	19
I want to know the weather for March 11th.	19
What is the weather in New Delhi on 9th of this month?	19
can you check the weather on 4th of this month?	19
What will the weather be like on March 6th?	19
What is the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?	19
What will the weather in LA be like on March 13th?	19
Could you find out what the weataher will be like in Atherton on March 2nd?	19
I'd like to check the weather on March 14th.	19
Tell me the weather for March 6th.	19
Can you check the weather in New Delhi for the March 6th.	19
Could you tell me the weather forecast for March 2nd.	19
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to me in SD on March 13th.	19
Can you tell me how's the weather gonna be like on the March 2nd in Nairobi?	19
I wanna see the weather in KL on March 5th	19
Can you tell me the weather for Delhi on March 2nd?	19
What's the weather in Toronto, Ontario like?	19
Can you please check the weather in Toronto, Ontario for the March 4th?	19
I need to know what the weather is like.	19
I will be travelling to San Diego. What is the weather like there?	19
I have to check the weather in London, England on March 10th	19
What would the weather be like on March 6th?	19
Can you please check the weather in Vancouver, BC for March 12th?	19
What's the weather going to be like on the March 2nd	19
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on 8th of this month?	19
I'd like to check the weather on March 6th.	19
Can you play me some music?	10
Hey, I need to find this song I heard four years ago by Lao Che. I think it's from the album Dzieciom.	10
I need to find a song.	10
It's way too quiet in here right now. Can you put on a pop song?	10
Can you recommend a song?	10
I am searching for a song.	10
Can you help me find something to listen?	10
Hello, I'm feeling tired and bored. Please can you help me to fetch a good song and play it for me?	10
I want to listen to some music. Can you find me a song from two years back from the album When Was The Last Time by Darius Rucker?	10
I'm trying to find a song. I really love Pop songs.	10
Can you find me a song please?	10
I want to find a metal song from five years ago.	10
I'm looking for a song by Morgan Wallen from one years ago.	10
I want to hear pop songs from '15, especially from Confident.	10
I need help looking for a song.	10
I am in a nice mood to hear some good songs. I need to search it with you help. Shall we try now?	10
I want to hear some music!	10
Can you find me a song?	10
Any good tunes out there?	10
I'd like to find a song.	10
I need to put on some music while I clean my room. Can you put on some Alternative Country, maybe something from the album Southeastern?	10
Can you find me a song from 2019?	10
Can you help me find some songs?	10
Can you help me find a song from '19?	10
Im looking for a song. Find me something one years back from album Outsider	10
I'd like to find a song.	10
Hello, I am looking for a specific song, something from about four years ago. I think it was on the album Badlands and it is an electropop genre.	10
I would like a song from one years back, preferably country. I like Morgan Wallen.	10
I would like to find a song.	10
I want to hear a Kelsea Ballerini song from '14, preferably pop.	10
I want to find a song.	10
I am in a nice mood and I like to hear some good songs for which I need your help.	10
I love country song and there are many great songs in Telling All My Secrets	10
I'm looking for a song from about one years back, maybe a pop track from the album always in Between	10
Can you help me in searching some songs?	10
Can you find me some music? I like Old Dominion	10
Can you help me to search some songs? I love Five Finger Death Punch 's songs. I really love Metal Songs. There are so many nice songs in the album Got your Six.	10
Search for songs to play.	10
Get me a song ok?	10
Find me some Electropop songs by Lorde on the Pure Heroine album.	10
I want to search for some nice songs, can you find me the best one?	10
Please help me find good Country songs, preferably in the Unapologetically album.	10
Can you find me some music to listen too please.	10
Can you help me find some pop songs? Maybe something by Hayley Kiyoko.	10
Can you find some songs for me?	10
I'd like to listen some songs	10
Hi, I'm like to find some songs	10
I would like to listen to rock songs by radwimps from the album your name.	10
I really want to listen from a song from the album The Beginning.	10
Can you find me some good songs?	10
Hello! Can you help me find a Pop song to listen to?	10
Please help me find Conan Gray' s song in his album Sunset Season, I prefer Pop songs.	10
I'd like to listen to some music. Can you find me a Country song by Jon Pardi? There are tons of great songs on the California Sunrise album.	10
Would you look for some good songs in the Dark Horse Album?	10
Please search me some songs.	10
Finding a song list for the party is next on my agenda. What are some cool songs you can recommend?	10
Can you play me some great songs	10
Can you find me a pop song by jess glynne 's album always in between	10
Could you search some songs like Rebelution songs like Reggae	10
Can you please find some Rock songs for me?	10
I want to hear some pop songs like Kaung Kaung, like the album A SOe Htae Ka A Kaung.	10
I'd like to listen to some music. Can you find me some Country songs by Cody Jinks? Something off the album Adobe Sessions would be great.	10
I want to listen to some Pop songs by Rihanna off the Unapologetic album please.	10
Can you find me a country song by Jason Aldean on the Rearview Town album?	10
I want to listen to a song.	10
I want to listen to some Rock songs. What is there from the album Ember?	10
Can you find me some songs to listen to?	10
I am looking for some good Get Scared songs in the album Best Kind of Mess.	10
Please find a songs from the album Globalization.	10
I want to listen to some music to help me relax. Today was so busy at the hospital.	10
I want some songs, can you help me find some?	10
I want to listen to a song, so can you find me some?	10
I want to go somewhere fun. I think there's a Arizona vs LA Dodgers game on March 2nd.	4
Can you help me in buying tickets for an event for 9th of March?	4
I would like to purchase some event tickets.	4
I need to get a ticket to an event next Thursday. I'm hoping for something in Atlanta and I've heard that the Yellow Jackets Vs Wolfpack would be enjoyable.	4
I need to get some tickets.	4
I'd like to buy some tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to purchase event tickets.	4
Is Billy Currington performing in Rohnert Park? I'm thinking of going.	4
I want to buy tickets.	4
I need some tickets to an event.	4
I want to buy tickets for an event.	4
Can you buy tickets to the Trojans Vs Bulldogs event at LAX, I heard it is really good.	4
Hi, could you help me purchase some event tickets please? I am bored.	4
I would like to buy a teicket to an even ton the 14th of this month.	4
I've got 2 friends visiting and I want to go to a ball game. I was thinking about the Phillies vs Cubs on the 11th.	4
I have the urge to buy tickets because I want to attend to an event	4
I need tickets for an event that I want to go to.	4
Can you help me buy tickets for an event?	4
I wish to get tickets to an event.	4
I'm looking for three tickets to an event in San Francisco.	4
I would like to buy tickets at an event	4
I need to buy tickets please.	4
I am looking for an event on the 2nd in Toronto, Canada, like the Blue Jays vs Royals.	4
I'm looking for some event tickets, can you help me out?	4
Get me bus tickets to an Cher event on March 6th	4
I would like a ticket for an event	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event in Chicago on the 12th of this month? I would be particularly interested in seeing White Sox Vs Angels!	4
I want to buy tickets to Imperial Daze on March 4th. I hear it is really good.	4
Will you find three tickets to an event in Phoenix, AZ on 10th of this month?	4
Can you buy me tickets for an event?	4
Get some tickets for an event in LAX	4
I need to get some tickets for an event.	4
I'd like 3 tickets to an event in Portland, Or	4
I want tickets for some upcoming event.	4
I need tickets for this event coming up.	4
I'm bored. Get me some tickets for an activity.	4
will you buy tickets to an event Mets Vs Rockies which is really good?	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I would like to listen to a song.	10
Hello! Can you play the song Redemption on the bedroom device?	10
Toss some tunes on the kitchen speaker.	10
Play Ludovico einaudi song night on any available device	10
I'd like to hear a song.	10
Can you play me the song Buzzcut Season by Lorde on my bedroom speaker?	10
I want to hear some music please.	10
I want to play a song.	10
Get me music on my bedroom speaker.	10
I want to listen a Hayley Kiyoko 's song	10
Can you play a song please?	10
Please play the song.	10
Can you play a song?	10
Can you play me a song? It's called Business Dinners, and I want to hear it on the kitchen device	10
I want to listen to the song Best Mistake of Ariana Grande, and I want for it to be played on my television.	10
Find a song to play.	10
I'd like to hear a song over my TV please.	10
I Like Shailesh Premi 's songs. I want to listen Lahnga Lasar Ke on speaker in the bedroom.	10
Can you please play some Ben Platt songs?	10
Let's play one of my favorite songs. Pull up Paramore songs.	10
I want to play a song. Play Self Control by Frank Ocean for me.	10
I want to hear the song Out of Love. I like Alessia Cara 's music.	10
Can you please play the song Lost Within from Fivefold on my kitchen speaker?	10
Play the song Girls Like You	10
Could you find me a song to hear please?	10
I would like to listen to a song	10
Can you play me a song?	10
I like to list to the song Alone with you by Jake Owen on my Kitchen device now. Can you play it for me?	10
I want to Bounce by Iggy Azalea. Play it on the speaker in kitchen.	10
I like Taylor Swift. I want to play The Story Of Us on any available device	10
I want to cast the song O Father O Satan O Sun by Behemoth.	10
I'd like to play song please.	10
I'd like to play a song.	10
I'd like to play Ben Platt 's song on TV called Grow As We Go.	10
I would like to play the song.	10
I would like to listen to a song.	10
I'd like to play the song.	10
I want a particular song on.	10
I want to play a song.	10
Please place naya naya penhi salwarba on kitchen speaker. I love shashi lal yadav 's song	10
I'd like to listen to some music. I really like Mohammed Al Salem. Can you play Qalb Qalb Party?	10
I'd like to listen to music. I'd like to hear Only Love.	10
I want to listen to some music.	10
I would like to hear music.	10
I like Zac Brown Band songs. I'd like to listen to Colder Weather.	10
I have a midterm tomorrow and would like to listen to some music to help me stay awake. Can you find songs by Pop Evil and play them on the kitchen device.	10
Can you find me some music?	10
I want to find music.	10
i want some music	10
Can you play me some music?	10
I want to hear some music.	10
I would like to listen to musing on the speaker in the kitchen. Please play Dusk Till Dawn.	10
Can you pull up some Music by Charlie Puth?	10
Can you play some music by Diamond Platnumz on any device.	10
I'm looking for music to listen to.	10
I want to listen to Bad Habit by Ben Platt in my bedroom.	10
I would like to listen to music by Gyptian, could you play it on any device please?	10
I'd like to listen to Ridin High on the speaker in the bedroom.	10
I want to listen to some music. Play Try To Fight It by Shallow Side in my bedroom.	10
I'd like to listen to some music on the kitchen device. Can you play Give You What You Like, please?	10
I would like to listen to Touch It on TV.	10
I'd like to listen to The Way I Talk.	10
Please play some music for me. I want to listen to Consequences in my bedroom.	10
I like to listen music.	10
Can you cast Pyramid by Jake Zyrus on my kitchen speaker please?	10
I need to find some new music, on a kitchen device. I want Salam Alaikum. I like songs by Harris J.	10
Can you put on some music while I clean my room? Maybe something by the Radwimps?	10
I want to hear the song high.	10
It's so quiet. Can you play some music on my speaker in the bedroom?	10
Will you play music?	10
I'd like to listen some music	10
I like to hear some nice music now especially Nota De Plata is liked by me the most and can you search it for me.	10
I'd like to listen to some music.	10
I want to listen to where have you been	10
I am in a mind set of listening some nice songs like the one by Lady Gaga. Can you help to find it for me?	10
I'd like to listen to music.	10
I'd like to listen to music.	10
I would to find music.	10
I want to hear some music.	10
I am in a nice mood to hear some music in my TV and I love to hear the songs by Lenny Kravitz like Low. Can you play it for me now.	10
Will you play Only Love by Jordan Smith on Kitchen speaker?	10
Find me a rental car	12
Hi there, could you help me make a car reservation please?	12
yvr airport on march 5th and I need till march 9th	12
I want to reserve a Compact car next Friday at 1:30 pm.	12
I'd like to book a small car to be picked up from Chicago Union Station. I plan to keep it until Monday next week.	12
I would like to book a car please.	12
I need a rental car.	12
can you reserve this car for me?	12
I need a rental car until the 9th of March.	12
I want to reserve a spacious can from March 2nd.	12
I need to book a rental car for 3rd of March.	12
I'd like to reserve this car to pick up at SAN International Airport next Monday.	12
I like to book this car and will pick up the car in KILA Airport. I want the car till the 8th.	12
Help me book a car please?	12
Can you arrange a car for me on 9th of March at Indira Gandhi International Airport around 19:30?	12
I have a plan for a ride to some place and for which I need you help to search for a Car. Help me to find a Compact car.	12
I'd like to reserve this car and pick it up around afternoon 2 till the 5th of this month.	12
I want to book a rental car please.	12
Book me this car.	12
I need a car to rent	12
I need a car to rent	12
I need to book a rental car please.	12
I'm going to need a car rental.	12
Can you help me reserve an intermediate car from the 6th of this month until the 8th?	12
I need to reserve this car on the 6th.	12
I would like to book this car.	12
I'd like to reserve a car until the 10th.	12
Reserve a car please.	12
There's a car I want to reserve.	12
I want to book a rental car.	12
I'm trying to rent a car from the 6th of this month until the 12th of this month.	12
can you reserve this car for pick up at half past 2 in the afternoon on 12th of March for me?	12
I'm looking to make reservations for a car I can drive. Ideally, it'd be something i can pick up in Hartsfield. Is there anything available that I could keep from next Tuesday through the 9th of March?	12
I need a rental car.	12
I want to reserve a car.	12
I'd like to reserve this car for pick up at around 3:45 in the afternoon.	12
Hi there, could you make a reservation for a car for pickup around 1 in the afternoon please?	12
I want to make a car reservation.	12
I need to make some last minute plans for my upcoming trip. Can you book a rental car for me from the 12th to the 14th of March? I can pick it up around 6:30 pm.	12
How can I reserve a car?	12
I'd like to rent a car. I want something spacious.	12
I want to get a rental car.	12
Reserve a car next Monday in the evening 4:30 pm at Kingsford Smith Airport.	12
I need a car reservation. I need it until the 14th of this month.	12
I want to make a booking for car, and I need to have it till 9th of this month.	12
Help with car rental stuff.	12
I need to rent some wheels by six in the evening. Can you find me something around PDX International Airport?	12
I want to reserve till the 13th a small car .	12
can you reserve this car for me?	12
Hi, could you help me make a car reservation from YVR International Airport from the 5th of this month till the 7th?	12
I need to reserve a car.	12
Please help me reserve a medium-sized car.	12
My main car is being repaired and I still have to drive in the interim. I'd like to reserve a car.	12
I would like to reserve a car,	12
I wish to book this car.	12
Please help me reserve this car.	12
I want to reserve a car by 13:30 on the 3rd of March.	12
I would like to book this car.	12
Will you reserve a car?	12
I'm taking a trip, i'll need a rental car reservation from the 3rd of March until March 5th.	12
On March 5th, I need a Compact car around 14:00.	12
I wish to book this car. I wish to pick up the car in Portland Bus Station. It has t pick up me around half past 12 in the afternoon.	12
I want to book a rental car, which I want to pick up from Fresno Yosemite International Airport.	12
Hi there, could you help me make a car reservation at Phoenix Union Station on the March 9th?	12
I would like to reserve this car. I want to pick up the car at 30th Street Station around 12:30 in the afternoon on March 4th.	12
I want to book a car from Delhi airport	12
I need a car	12
I need to reserve a car from March 10th till the 13th of this month.	12
I need to have a car rented.	12
I want to reserve a car. I would like to pick it up at Fresno Yosemite International Airport on the 3rd of March.	12
I want to make a booking for this car.	12
I need tp rent a car from next Wednesday till the 10th of March.	12
I'm trying to find a spacious car to rent and I'd like to pick it up from LAX International Airport around 1 pm.	12
I need to get a car.	12
I would like to reserve this car.	12
I would like to book this car please.	12
I need a intermediate car to rent. I want to pick it up around four in the evening and I need it until 9th of March.	12
Can you get me a rental car for pickup at Anaheim Intermodal Center?	12
I'd like to reserve a car.	12
I want to book this car.	12
I want to rent a car around 4:30 pm	12
Please reserve this car for me.	12
I'd like to reserve this car.	12
can you reserve this car for me?	12
Hey, get me a car. I need it in afternoon 3:30 and can return it on the 6th of March.	12
I want to reserve a medium-sized car on March 10th	12
I'd like to reserve a Compact car at John F. Kennedy International Airport on the 10th of March.	12
I'd like to rent a spacious car for my upcoming travels.	12
I would like to reserve a standard car.	12
I need a medium-sized car, from SFO International Airport at 4:30 in the evening	12
I wanna get this car	12
I need to book this car	12
I wish to book this car.	12
I'd like to reserve a car.	12
Let's make a rental car reservation for pickup at Portland Bus Station for half past 4 in the evening please.	12
I need a rental car.	12
Hi, could you make a reservation for a nice car for me?	12
I want to rent a car please.	12
If you would be so kind as to help me set up a car rental, I'd be so relieved, please.	12
I would like to rent a full-size car tomorrow afternoon 3.	12
I'd like to reserve this car.	12
Ok, help me out getting a car to rent on the 8th. I'll bring it back on March 14th.	12
I'm in urgent need of a car to rent	12
My trip is coming up soon. Can you help me reserve a rental car?	12
I need a rental car on March 10th at 5 o"clock in the evening and will return it on March 11th.	12
Will you reserve a Compact car on the 9th to be picked up at morning 9:30?	12
I'm going on a roadtrip, and want to book a Compact car to use until the 4th of this month.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
can you reserve this car for pick up at 6 in the evening for me?	12
I'd like to reserve a car from Fresno Station, I'm going to need it untill the 11th of this month.	12
I would like to rent a car on Sunday this week at Fresno Station.	12
Let's get a rental car, ok?	12
I'd like to reserve a car.	12
Reserve a car for me.	12
I want to book a car reservation until March 7th.	12
I want car till the 8th and need car on the 6th	12
Hey, can you get me a standard car from the Intercity Terminal from 10:30 am?	12
I want to reserve a car please	12
i need to book a car	12
I'm looking for a small car to pick it up at gatwick international airport	12
I need a car.	12
I need to reserve a car from PDX airport on March 10th	12
Hi there, could you help me make a car reservation for later today?	12
I'd like to book a full-size car until the 8th of this month and pick it up from PDX International Airport.	12
Hey, can you help me reserve a car?	12
I want to book a medium-sized rented car, which I will pick up at SMF International Airport at 16:00.	12
I would like to reserve a car.	12
I'd like to reserve a car.	12
Book me a car	12
Can you reserve a car for me?	12
I need to reserve a car.	12
reserve it march 10th	12
Reserve a car for me at six in the evening on Thursday next week.	12
I would like to reserve a car.	12
Please help me reserve a car until 14th of March.	12
I wanna reserve a car	12
I need a car reservation, please.	12
I need a car till Friday next week and I'll get it at 12:00	12
I need a car to rent.	12
I am searching for a car and I need to book it on next Monday. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	12
can you reserve this car for pick up from Toronto Pearson Airport on the 14th for me?	12
Please help me reserve this car.	12
I want to rent this car.	12
I'd like to reserve a car for the 10th of March.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I want car booking.I need to pick up the car at 3:30 in the afternoon and I require the car till the 13th	12
Can you reserve me a car at Union Station for pickup at half past 11 in the morning? I want something spacious?	12
There's a car I want to reserve.	12
I need to rent a compact car until the 5th of this month and want to pick it up at 17:30.	12
I need to book a rental car please.	12
Hi. Can you help me reserve a car to be picked up at Toronto Pearson International Airport?	12
can you reserve this car for me?	12
I'll need a Full-size rental car for this trip for all the family and our luggage. What car can I pick up and use until the 13th of March from O'Hare Airport, please?	12
I need a rental car till the 5th. I will be picking it up at 30th street station.	12
I want to reserve this car.	12
Hi there, could you get be a car reservation for pickup at Hartsfield-Jackson Airport please?	12
Can you reserve this car for me?	12
I would like to reserve this car.	12
Let's reserve a car please.	12
Would you mind helping me with a hotel reservation?	7
I need a hotel in Sydney, NSW this Saturday for one room.	7
Reserve me a hotel.	7
I want to book a hotel room for the 1st.	7
I am searching for some nice hotels to book two rooms on the 14th and I need your help in this regard.	7
I want to do a hotel reservation at Portland, OR.	7
Reserve me a hotel.	7
Hotel reservations please.	7
I would like assistance in making a hotel reservation.	7
I'd like to make a reservation for 2 rooms at the Four Seasons Hotel Seattle.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation in Sydney, NSW on March 9th.	7
I need 1 room booked around Paris hopefully at Hotel Ibis Paris Opera La Fayette.	7
Hi! Could you help me make a hotel reservation please?	7
Can you help me make a hotel reservation for the 4th?	7
Can you make a hotel reservation for me? I prefer Days Inn San Francisco Downtown. I need one room and wish to check in on March 10th.	7
I want to book a hotel in London, UK on the 12th.	7
I need help booking a hotel reservation. I want to check in on the 10th of March.	7
I'd like to book a hotel in ATL.	7
Can you make a hotel reservation for me at the Four Seasons Hotel Seattle? I'll check out on the 13th of March.	7
Please help me make a hotel reservation.	7
I need to book one hotel room for the 10th of this month.	7
I wan to do a hotel reservation at Le Apple Boutique Hotel KLCC for 1 room with check in on the 5th.	7
I want to reserve a hotel room.	7
I would like a hotel reservation at Homewood Suites Del Mar.	7
I'm looking for hotels around Nairobi. I want to check in next Thursday and check out March 11th.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation.	7
I want to book a hotel.	7
I'd like to book a hotel.	7
I will leave march 9th and chec on march 3rd	7
I would like to book one hotel room in New Delhi checking in on the 1st.	7
I want to reserve at hotel near Atlanta on March 1st.	7
I am looking to book a hotel around sydney with the check out date of 13th of march	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation for one room for Sunday this week.	7
I need you to book an hotel for me, please	7
I want to book a hotel room.	7
Can you help me book three rooms in a hotel?	7
Will you reserve a hotel room?	7
I need to finish making plans for my trip. Can you make a reservation for me at Carlton Arms Hotel from the 8th of this month through the 10th?	7
I will be traveling soon and need to find some hotels. Is there anything available at London for next Thursday until the 8th?	7
I'd like to find a hotel in NY and check out on the 14th of march.	7
I need a hotel reservation for the 5th of this month.	7
I need to reserve an hotel room but I don't know how to do it	7
I want to book 1 hotel room tomorrow	7
I need a room in hotel until March 13th	7
Hello! I'd like to book at room at a hotel. Can you help me?	7
I would like to make a reservation in a hotel.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation in Sydney Australia, just 1 room	7
I need to make hotel booking	7
I'd like to make a reservation for a hotel.	7
Hello, could you help to make a reservation at Club Quarters Hotel Rockefeller Center located around New York City?	7
I want to book a hotel room with a check in on the 6th of this month.	7
I need a hand to book an hotel room	7
Can you reserve a hotel for me?	7
Would you please help me find a nice, comfortable hotel room for when I visit my friends for their graduation?	7
I would like to reserve one room at Grange Strathmore hotel and check out on march 8th.	7
Reserve me a hotel.	7
I'd like to reserve a hotel room please.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation.	7
I want a hotel	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation with a check out date of the 9th of this month.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation, please.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I need a hotel please	7
Hey, can you book me a room at The Queens Park London from the 2nd?	7
I want a hotel reservation in sydney, australia and 1 room	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
Can you help with making a hotel reservation? I'd like to book 3 rooms checking in on the 11th.	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I would like a reservation at primus hotel sydney and would be checking out on March 7th.	7
I need help making a hotel reservation beginin later today and leaving tomorrow.	7
Will you make a hotel reservation?	7
I need to find a hotel in Paris for next Thursday.	7
I'm looking to book 1 hotel room with a check out March 11th, help me out.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation in London, England for 1 room checking out on the 12th.	7
Hi, could you help me make a hotel reservation at Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront from the 4th of this month to 11th of March please?	7
Can you get me a hotel reservation for the 11th of this month at Aka Times Square in NY?	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation for 1 room.	7
I need a hotel reservation with three rooms on March 4th.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation.	7
I want to search for some nice hotels to stay for a while and I need your help to get the suitable one.	7
Make me a hotel reservation	7
I'm looking to book a hotel in Vancouver starting Monday next week.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation. Book me a room at Travelodge London Cricklewood.	7
Get me a hotel to reserve.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation on 3rd of this month in London England.	7
I'm going somewhere soon. Can you book a hotel room for me?	7
I need a hotel reservation at Euston Square Hotel	7
Can you book me a room at the Night Theater District in New York for tomorrow? It's kind of urgent.	7
Can you help me book a hotel?	7
Can you get me a hotel reservation, I only need it one day on the 10th of this month.	7
Pull up hotels in Kuala Lumpur. I will need a reservation for one day please.	7
Hey, I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I'd like a hotel reservation.	7
I want you to make a hotel reservation for me, at the hotel in Portland, and I want the reservation to be for 1 room.	7
Hi, I'd like to book a hotel reservation for next Wednesday at Doubletree by Hilton Hotel San Diego - Del Mar.	7
Hey! Please can you help me to book a room in some good hotels?	7
Please help me reserve a hotel.	7
I need to find a hotel for 3 days please.	7
I have a plan for a short trip and I need to stay there for some time for which I need to reserve Hotel rooms. Do you help me to find the best hotel?	7
I need to finish planning for my upcoming trip. Can you find me a hotel in Sydney, NSW?	7
I am looking for 1 hotel room in London, uk for 4 days	7
I would like to book an hotel room.	7
I need to book an hotel and I would like you to do it for me	7
I am searching for some nice hotels and I need your help to do the same.	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I want to make a hotel reservation.	7
I need a room.	7
I would like to book a hotel please.	7
I would like to find an hotel.	7
Can you make a hotel reservation for me?	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I'm looking to book one hotel room for four days.	7
I need to get a hotel reservation.	7
I wish to book a hotel.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation for a room at Residence Inn Portland.	7
I want to book a hotel for 3 days.	7
check in is 11th of march	7
I want to make a hotel reservation at Travelodge London Farringdon in London, England for one day.	7
check in is the 9th and one room	7
Will you reserve two rooms in SF?	7
I will travel soon. I need to find a hotel for 4 days. See if there is anything at The Local Nyc.	7
I am interested to book a room in a hotel.	7
Hi, could you assist me in making a hotel reservation for 1 room later today at Me London	7
I am searching for some nice hotels to stay on 6th of this month. Can you search for the best one to book 1 room.	7
I need to book a hotel room.	7
I am interested in making a hotel reservation.	7
I need 1 hotel room in New Delhi for 3 days.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation for three days that starts the day after tomorrow. I need 1 room.	7
Can you help me make a hotel reservation?	7
Hey, can you book me a room at Residence Inn Portland in Portland, OR?	7
Will you reserve 2 rooms at Adria Hotel on March 5th?	7
I want to make a hotel booking on the 5th of this month	7
I am in need of making a booking in a hotel. I want to book a room for 3 days, and I want to have 2 rooms.	7
My friend wants to see how you and I make trip plans so easily. I need to start with reserving a hotel room. Are you ready to give it a go with me?	7
I'd like to book a hotel.	7
Book me a hotel.	7
I want a hotel reservation in Philadelphia.	7
Get me a room at the Hotel Triton.	7
I'd like to make a hotel reservation. I'd like to book a room at Kimpton Hotel Seattle for 1 day checking in on Saturday this week.	7
Hai, James! Will you be able to help me on booking a room in some good hotel for I've a short business trip?	7
I want to search for some nice hotels and I need your help to reserve the good one for me.	7
Could you assist me in making a booking at a hotel?	7
I need a hotel reservation, Please help.	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation.	7
I would like to book a hotel for one night on 6th of March in Portland, OR.	7
I need to stay out for a special program. Please find a suitable one to get reservation.	7
I want to have a room booked in a hotel?	7
I would like to make a hotel reservation for the 9th of this month. I need a hotel in London.	7
I need to make a hotel reservation.	7
I need a hotel reservation	7
As I need to stay for some days looking for a hotel reservation. Do you have the details?	7
I will be traveling soon, I need to find a hotel.	7
I want to book a hotel room	7
I would like to reserve a room at Hotel Carlingview Toronto Airport for the 5th please!	7
I'm planning a trip. I will need some help with a hotel reservation plesase.	7
What about a hotel room?	7
Can you make a hotel reservation	7
I want to make a hotel reservation in San Diego.	7
I'd like to make a reservation for a hotel for today.	7
I need to reserve a hotel	7
Hey, can you reserve a hotel for me?	7
can you find a one way filght for me	5
Could you help me in finding one way flight?	5
?Can you find me a one way flight from Vancouver, BC?	5
I need one-way flights leaving March 13th from SF.	5
Can you find me one-way flights to San Diego? I need tickets for 3 people.	5
Can you get a one-way flight for me?	5
Will you find one-way flights?	5
Could you help me in finding one-way flights?	5
I want to find one-way flights.	5
I need a one-way flight	5
I need a hand with finding one way flight.	5
I want to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Could you find me a one-way flight to New York City?	5
I am in need of finding a one-way flight, for which I will leave on 5th of March from Philly.	5
I need a one way flight on an economy	5
I need a one way flight from Los Angeles please.	5
I need your support for my next trip, I need one-way plane tickets	5
I want to search for one-way flight for which I need your help to search for the suitable one.	5
I'd like to find a flight.	5
I need to book a one-way flight.	5
find one-way flights	5
I need a Premium Economy one-way ticket. Leaving March 13th, going to SFO.	5
Can you get a one-way flight for me?	5
I need an economy one-way flight on American Airlines.	5
Please search for one-way flights.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight.	5
Could you help me find one way flight from San Fran to SD leaving on the 11th of this month?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need a one-way flight on United Airlines in economy.	5
Can you get me a one-way flight?	5
My friends and I decided to go on this trip last minute. Can you find me a one-way flight ticket?	5
I need some one-way flights.	5
Could you find me a one way flight? I want to travel Economy.	5
I will be traveling with some friends, can you find some one-way flights?	5
I would like to book a one-way flight.	5
find one way flight	5
I'm traveling with 4 more people and we need a one-way flight	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I need help with one-way flights.	5
Hi there, could you help me search for one-way flights with Alaska Airlines for one on the 14th of this month?	5
Can you find me flights with Alaska Airlines?	5
Hello! I am going on a trip. Please can you help me to book a one-way flight in Economy class?	5
Could you please find me one-way flights to SFO?	5
I will be visiting some friends, are there one way flights available?	5
Can you find me a one-way flight?	5
I need to find some one way flights. Can you help?	5
I need one-way flights leaving from Los Angeles.	5
I need a one-way flight for one person.	5
I want to find tickets for a one-way flight.	5
Find a one way refundable flight from SFO.	5
Find me a one way flight.	5
I need one-way flights.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight/	5
I need a one-way plane ticket.	5
I need to book a one way flight	5
I want a one-way flight. I want travel in Premium Economy.	5
I need some one-way flights.	5
Help me look for one way flights.	5
I need a one-way flight on Alaska Airlines from Vancouver, BC. Can you help me?	5
I am in a plan to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
find me flight from alaska airlines	5
Hello! Please can you find me a flight with one-way trip?	5
please look for a one way flight for me	5
I need help finding a one-way flight.	5
Can you please help me finding a one way flight?	5
I am in a plan to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Please search for one-way flights from LAX.	5
four in the group and I want southwest airlines and am leaving from sf.	5
Can you help me book a one way flight?	5
I need a one way flight for 2 people.	5
I need four one-way tickets for Alaska Airlines leaving SF.	5
I need a one-way flight for the 1st of March.	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight on American Airlines.	5
I want to search for a One-way flight to travel to my desired place and I need to book it in Premium Economy class. Can you help me to do so?	5
can you find me a one way flight with air canada leaving from vancouver	5
I need help finding one way tickets, Economy class, from Los Angeles. I'm going to leave on the 12th of this month.	5
Could you help me find a one-way flight? There are 3 people in my group and I like United Airlines.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight with American Airlines?	5
I am interested in find a one way flight to go to SD.	5
I will be flying soon, I want a flight from Delta Airlines.	5
Can you help me find a one way flight from SF to San Diego?	5
I will be traveling soon and I need a one way flight. Can you find me something?	5
I would like a one-way flight from Washington, please.	5
My boss is sending my and some colleagues to mediate some disagreements between the managers at our regional office, and we're not sure how long this is going to take. So, your help would ge greatly appreciated to get a one-way flight set up.	5
Find one way flights.	5
I need to get flight that's for one-way.	5
Hey, I need to go on a short trip. Help me find a one way flight.	5
I need a one way plane ticket.	5
I need a one way flight on Southwest Airlines.	5
Can you find me a one way flight on American Airlines in premium economy class? I'll be traveling on the 10th.	5
I am interested in finding a one way flight.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I need an economy flight from Los Angeles.	5
Can you help me book a flight from Las Vegas to SF?	5
Hi there, could you help me search for a one-way flight from Phoenix, AZ please?	5
I'm looking for a one way flight from Washington. I'd like 1 Economy class ticket.	5
I need 4 tickets for a one way flight leaving from Seattle on United Airlines.	5
Can you help me get a one-way flight?	5
I need to find 1 ticket for a one way flight on Southwest Airlines.	5
I am in a plan to go for a trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Hello! I'd like to find a one-way flight out of New York City on the 9th of March.	5
Please find me a one-way Economy class ticket on United Airlines for Tuesday next week.	5
I am looking for a one way flight.	5
I need to get a flight that is only one way.	5
I would like to find a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight on American Airlines, so I can use my miles.	5
I need a premium economy one way ticket to Las Vegas.	5
Hey, can you get me a flight leaving on the 10th of this month?	5
I need a one flight for the 13th of this month.	5
I need to find a one way flight to NYC on American Airlines.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight. I prefer United Airlines and just need one ticket.	5
i am looking for a premium economy to mexico city	5
Find me a one way flight.	5
I need you to help me with a plane reservation. I'm looking to fly Premium Economy on the 11th of this month. I want to take off from San Diego.	5
Hello, could you help me search for a one way flight please?	5
Find one way flights.	5
I need to find 3 one-way tickets on United Airlines in any class please.	5
I would like to find a one-way flight.	5
I'd like 1 one-way flight with Air Canada for Wednesday next week.	5
I want 3 tickets for a one-way flight.	5
I am in need of finding a one way flight ticket.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight for four leaving from NYC.	5
I like to search a one way flight.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight and I need your help	5
I need a one way flight please.	5
Looking for a one way flight please.	5
I want to book a one way flight.	5
Can you help me find a one way flight with American Airlines?	5
I need 2 tickets, one way plane, please.	5
I need 1 ticket from san diego to las vegas	5
I need a one way flight.	5
Find one way flights from Vancouver.	5
I need to find a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight.	5
I need a one way flight to Seattle, WA please.	5
I'm looking for flights that are one way.	5
I want to find a one way flight that leaves on the 7th.	5
I want to find a one way flight	5
I need a 1 way ticket. I have no preference regarding airline.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight?	5
I want a one way plane ticket out of San Francisco.	5
I will be traveling with some friends soon. Please find a one way flight.	5
I'd like a one way flight please.	5
I want a one-way flight. I'm in Los Angeles.	5
I wish to search a one way flight to NYC on 9th of this month. I need two tickets.	5
Look for a one way flight	5
Hi, could you help me search for one way flights with Delta Airlines please?	5
I am interested in finding a one way flight.	5
I will be travelling with friends, I need four tickets.	5
I will be needing a flight, I need a break from work.	5
I want to find a one-way flight in economy to SD.	5
I would like a one way flight starting next Monday with Southwest Airlines Economy Class.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need a flight.	5
I am in need of finding a one way flight.	5
Would you tell me about some one-way flights?	5
I will be going on a trip soon, I need just an onward flight.	5
I am interested in having tickets for a one-way flight which leaves on March 1st.	5
I'd like to find flights.	5
Hello! Please can you help me to find a one-way flight?	5
I need help booking a one way flight.	5
I'd like to find a one-way flight. Can you assist me?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need to find a one way flight departing SFO.	5
I need a one way flight from Vancouver to Portland. I dont care on what airline.	5
I need a one-way plane ticket.	5
Can you find me a one-way flight going to Vancouver BC?	5
Can you find a one-way flight for me please?	5
Would you find me one way flights? I want to go to Los Angeles from Vancouver BC. I will be traveling in Premium Economy.	5
Hi there, could you help me book a one-way flight please?	5
I need help finding one-way flights on march 13th?	5
I am going to sfo	5
I'll be taking a trip soon. Assistant, find me tickets for one-way flights.	5
Can you find me a one way flight on economy with united airlines	5
Can you find me any one-way flights? I will leave on 1st of March from SF.	5
I need a one-way flight please.	5
I need to find a one way flight.	5
I ma leaving 10th of march to san fran and leaving fro las vegas	5
Would you look for one way flights?	5
Hi, are there any one-way flights I can travel on?	5
Can you find a one-way flight to NYC from Philly for three people?	5
Hello! I have a very short trip. Please can you find me to book a one-way flight?	5
I need to find a one way flight please.	5
I am planning to travel to Atlanta, GA for which I need your help to find some one-way flights. Can you search for the one for me?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Find for me please some one-way flights.	5
I am going to washington	5
I need to find one way flights please.	5
Would you look for one way flights for 4 people to SD?	5
I need a one way flight to LAX.	5
I need to get a one-way flight.	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight on United Airlines for Monday next week?	5
I need a one-way flight for next Tuesday on Alaska Airlines.	5
I want you to find my one-way Economy flight tickets for three people.	5
I need one-way flights for four. I am not sure if I would be going, so I would prefer refundable tickets.	5
I need a one way flight in economy. I prefer Southwest Airlines.	5
Please help me find one-way flights.	5
I'm trying to find one way flights for three people for a trip to NY.	5
can you buy me a one way flight	5
I need a one-way flight, please.	5
I'd like a one way flight tickets.	5
I need a one-way flight	5
Can you find me a one way flight please?	5
Find me one way flights departing on the 14th of March.	5
I need a flight one-way.	5
Do you mind helping me find a one-way flight?	5
Hello! Can you help me find a one-way American Airlines flight?	5
I need to find a oneway flight from Vegas to San Diego and I'd like something on American Airlines please.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need a one way flight that departs on the 7th of this month.	5
I'm looking for one-way flights.	5
Could you find me a one-way flight?	5
I need to find a one-way flight.	5
Is it possible for you to find me a one-way flight? I want to fly off from SD.	5
Would you find me one way flights?	5
Can you help me book a one way flight?	5
Search one-way flights please.	5
Could you search me one-way flight ?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Can you find a one way flight from Philadelphia?	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I want to look for one way Economy flights.	5
Could you find me a one way flight that leave on the 6th of March? Any class would work.	5
Can you find me a one way flight that is refundable please?	5
I want to search for the one-way flight from Las Vegas for which I need your help to find the suitable one.	5
Could you find me a one-way flight?	5
Help me search for one-way flights, please.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I need help searching for a one way flight.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I am searching for a one-way flight for which I need your help. Can you help me to find the one suitable to me. I want to travel in Economy class and we are three in our team.	5
I want a one-way flight for the 13th.	5
I would like to find a one way flight.	5
Get me tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to find 2 tickets to an event. Can you help me?	4
I'm looking for somewhere to take my sister for her birthday next Wednesday.	4
I want to entertain myself and my partner, so I want to buy 2 tickets to an event. The event I am looking for should next Monday in San Diego.	4
I'd like to purchase tickets to an event.	4
I need to get tickets to an event please.	4
I was thinking about going to an event, I could use some time off.	4
I'm hosting some guests soon and I would like to see if there's any events going on and then buy tickets.	4
I am looking to purchase tickets to an event.	4
Can you search for event tickets for me?	4
I want to get some tickets for an event in Philly.	4
I want to buy tickets.	4
I need help buying tickets for this Outlaw Music Festival. I've been wanting to go there ever since I've heard that it is good. I would love to find it in NYC.	4
I wangt to buy tickets for an event in SF?	4
I want tickets to an event.	4
I want event tickets.	4
I'd like to buy some tickets for an event.	4
Can you buy me some event tickets?	4
I want to get some tickets to an event.	4
I heard the Lights is really good, I'd like to purchase 4 tickets to the event.	4
I would like to buy tickets at an event.	4
I wish to book tickets for an event.	4
Get me some event tickets	4
I wish to book tickets for an event.	4
Hi, i need a help, i am interested to go to mariners Vs Blue Jays event, I need to buy tickets, Could you help me?	4
I am interested in buying tickets to an event which happens on March 1st. Some friends told me that Toronto Fc Vs Crew is fun. I am in need of having four tickets.	4
I'm looking to go out Friday next week. Help me find tickets to a fun event.	4
I'd like tickets for the even in Toronto on the 13th of March.	4
I want to get tickets for an event.	4
I need to find something to do with a few friends in Philly. I've been hearing good things about Nav With Killy. Can you get me three tickets to that?	4
I want tickets to an event.	4
I want to buy 1 event ticket to something in Anaheim, CA on the 1st of March - is there anything available?	4
I want to search for some nice events for which I need your help. I also need two tickets to that event.	4
There are tickets to an event I want to purchase.	4
I'd like to buy 4 tickets to an event for later today.	4
I want three tickets to Westside Gunn for the 10th of this month. I know that I am going to have a good time.	4
I need 2 economy one-way flight tickets.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I am departing from Philadelphia and can you help me finding one-way flight and we are just 1 in a group	5
I want to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for one-way flight. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
find one way flights	5
Can you help find me a one-way flight for today for 1.	5
i need a one way ticket from seattle, wa this saturday	5
Please help me to find one way flights.	5
Hello! I'd like to look at my options for a one-way flight.	5
I need to book a flighOne way.	5
two people in group	5
Hey, get me a 1 way ticket.	5
I need to get a one-way flight.	5
Hi there, could you help me make a reservation for one-way flight tickets please?	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight?	5
Can you find me a one way flight?	5
three people one way flights	5
can you search a one way flight for me	5
Can you help me with one-way flights from American Airlines for 4 people in my group.	5
I have some last minute things to work out for my trip. Can you look up one-way flights for me?	5
Hi there! Do you know if there are any one way economy flights departing from Washington?	5
Can you help me find one-way flights to Seattle any class.	5
Can you help me find a one-way flight ticket?	5
I need to find one-way flights to Philly on American Airlines.	5
Please find me a one-way flight?	5
Can you help me find a one way flight?	5
I am searching for one-way flights for which I need your help. Can you search for the suitable one?	5
Look on one way flights on March 10th.	5
Can you get me a one-way flight?	5
Hey you, can you get me a ticket to get out of Washington? I'm tired of this town. I need something refundable though. My plans might change. I need options.	5
I'm going to need a one way flight.	5
I need one-way flight	5
How about you and I set up a one-way flight for me to visit my sister and my newborn niece? I'm not yet sure about a return date. Are you ready?	5
please find me a one way flight	5
Can you find me some one-way flights leaving San Diego on Tuesday next week.	5
Could you please help in finding one-way flights?	5
On March 5th could you help me to find one-way flight from New York City to Washington.	5
I'm looking for a Delta Airlines flight to Vegas.	5
I am planning a trip. We are a group of 3 people leaving from Vancouver, and we need to look for a one-way flight.	5
I need a one-way flight from Vancouver, Bc.	5
I am departing from Los Angeles and i prefer Delta Airlines. Can you help me finding me one-way flights?	5
I'm going on a trip soon, can you help me find tickets for one-way flights?	5
I am in a plan to go for a trip on 5th of March and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one from Southwest Airlines? I need to book Economy class tickets.	5
Could you find me one-way flights of any class?	5
I am looking for flights.	5
Can you get me a premium economy ticket on a one way flight to San Francisco?	5
Can you locate some one-way flights for me?	5
Please help me find one-way flights for three people.	5
Find me a one-way flight.	5
Can you find one-way flights for me?	5
I want you to help me find a one-way flight which leaves from Washington.	5
Find for me please a one way flight.	5
Find me a one way flight on Sunday this week	5
I need to look for one way flights that depart out of San Diego.	5
I want to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Can you imagine visiting Canada for the first time and meeting up with your pen pal? Some help from savvy you to set up an Economy trip would be a big relief, you know?	5
I'm due to go on a business trip, can you help me search for one-way flights?	5
Can you please find me some one-way flights?	5
I'd like to find a flight to SFO.	5
I need help finding 2 ticket for a one-way flight?	5
Can you search one-way flight for me?	5
I'm interested in getting a one-way flight.	5
Could you help me in searching one-way flights? Southwest Airlines is my preference. I am starting from Las Vegas.	5
I have a plan on a short trip for which I am searching for one-way flights. Can you search for the one?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
find one way flight	5
I will be traveling soon, I need to find a one way flight.	5
I want to search for one way flights?	5
I would like to find a one way flight.	5
Can you look for one-way flights?	5
I am interested in having a ticket for a one-way flight.	5
I am going from lax and going to san francisco and want delta airlines	5
I need help looking for one way flights. I want Premium Economy, just 1 ticket.	5
I need to find a one way flight to go with some friends.	5
I would like to find a one-way flight with Delta Airlines.	5
I'm going on a trip soon and still haven't booked my flight! Can you look up one-way tickets for me?	5
Could you help me find one-way flights? I'd like to leave from Washington on the 4th of this month. I'm only looking for refundable tickets as my plans may change.	5
find one way flights	5
I need a one-way plane ticket.	5
I want to find a one-way flight.	5
Can you find me a one way flight from Chi-town?	5
I will go visit some friends. Are there any one-way flights available?	5
Help me find one way flights? I also prefer being in Economy.	5
Could you help me find one-way flights from London, UK to LAX leaving today?	5
Hey, can you get me one one-way flight?	5
I want one-way flight on American Airlines on the 9th of March.	5
My friend and I are going on a spontaneous trip! Can you book two tickets from Vancouver, BC for us?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Could you find me a one-way flight?	5
Can you find me a one way flight with southwest airlines on 12th of this month	5
Can you book me a one-way flight?	5
Can you help me in searching for one way flights?	5
I will be traveling soon with some friends, can you find a one way flight?	5
I'm needing a one-way flight.	5
I would like a one-way flight on alaska airlines for the 1st of March.	5
Can you find me one way flights to Seattle leaving on Sunday this week?	5
I need a one-way flight, can you help me out?	5
I have a plan on short trip for which I want to search for an one-way flight. Can you help to search for the one?	5
I would like to find a one way flight in economy.	5
Can you book a one-way flight for me?	5
Can you help me find a one-way economy flight from Los Angeles to Sydney, NSW.	5
Can you help me book a one way flight?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I need to visit a friend on the 4th of March.	5
I'm so glad you have the info I need to get a Premium Economy flight so I can meet up with my cousins with the least amount of stress. Are you ready to assist me with finding a one-way flight, please?	5
Can you help me find a one-way to Atlanta, GA in Economy class seating for four people.	5
Could you help me find one-way flights? I'd like to travel in Economy.	5
Can you help me find one-way flights from New York to Philadelphia? I would like to travel in Premium Economy.	5
Please find me one-way flights. I am going on March 1st from Chi-town Premium Economy.	5
I'm looking for a one way flight.	5
Will you find one-way flights for 3 people?	5
Would you look for one way flights?	5
Please find me a one way ticket to SF	5
I'm looking for a one way flight.	5
Can you please find me a one way flight for the 11th in Premium Economy with Delta Airlines.	5
I need help finding an economy flight to Vancouver for two people.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Would you help me find a one-way flight? I am departing from Portland, OR.	5
Can you please help me finding a one way flight to Seattle. I would prefer a United Airlines and an economy class.	5
I need to book a one-way flight, ticket must be economy	5
Can you search one-way flights for me?	5
Hi, could you help me find some one way flights please?	5
Would you help me find one way flights?	5
I need to find a one-way economy ticket from LAX.	5
I need one-way flights.	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
I want you to find me a one-way flight.	5
Get me a one way flight.	5
Can you please help me in finding some one-way flights?	5
Find a one way flight for me.	5
Please help me find flights, I want to be somewhere else.	5
I have a plan of short trip on 11th of this month. Can you search for an one-way flight?. I need to book tickets under Economy class.	5
I am in a plan to go for a trip and for which I need to search for one-way flights on March 12th. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Hi! Can you assist me in finding a one-way flight?	5
Hey, get me a good deal on one-way flights.	5
I need to book a one-way flight.	5
Can you get a one-way flight for me?	5
I'd like to find a one-way flight. Can you help?	5
I need a one-way flight from Vancouver, BC to Seattle.	5
I want to you to find me a one-way flight to go somewhere.	5
Can you help me find a one-way British Airways flight?	5
Find options for one-way flights departing the 14th of March out of SD.	5
I'd like your help finding one-way flights. There'll be 2 people total, and we're traveling to Seattle.	5
can you search a one way flights for me	5
I'll be traveling quite soon. Can you get a one-way flight for me?	5
Can you look in for one-way flights?	5
I need three in my group looking for 1 way tickets.	5
Can you help me find a one way economy ticket flying out of New York?	5
Can you help me find a one-way Premium Economy ticket on March 9th? My plans aren't set so I only want to find refundable tickets.	5
I need to get a one-way flight.	5
I want to find one-way flights to LA.	5
I need a one way flight.	5
I'd like to find an American Airlines flight.	5
Can you get me a one-way flight?	5
Please search for one-way flights.	5
I need a premium economy one-way flight leaving from SD.	5
I am in need of finding tickets for an one-way flight.	5
I'll be traveling to Chicago. Pull up one-way Economy tickets please.	5
I'm looking for a flight that's one way.	5
I need to find flights please.	5
I need to find one-way flights.	5
I will be doing some travelling soon, so can you help me find some one-way flights?	5
Can you find me some one-way flights?	5
I would like to find a one-way flight traveling economy.	5
Would you look for one way flights for me?	5
I need a Premium Economy flight to London.	5
Hi, could you help me search for some one-way flight to Philly please on any type of flight will do.	5
I'm due to visit Atlanta, so can you help me find some one-way flights?	5
Hi there, could you help me search for some one-way flights please?	5
Hi there, could you help me search for some one-way flight tickets please?	5
I need a one way flight.	5
Can you find me one-way flights?	5
Will you find one-way flights for two departing from CDMX?	5
Can you get me a one-way flight for 2?	5
I would like to find a flight from Atlanta to Sydney for four people.	5
Hi, could you help me search for a one-way flight please?	5
Would you find one way flights for me?	5
I'm looking for a flight from Southwest Airlines, economy.	5
I need to find one way flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta, GA.	5
Fine me some one-way plane tickets.	5
Hi, could you help me reserve a one-way flight ticket please?	5
I need a one-way flight.	5
Will you find one-way flights?	5
I need help finding a one way flight.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight and I was wondering if you could help me with that.	5
I have a plan on a short trip for which I need your help to search for one-way flight. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	5
Would you look for some one-way flights for me?	5
Can you help me search for a one way flight?	5
Could you find me a one-way flight leaving London, England?	5
Please help me find one-way flights.	5
I need help finding 3 tickets for a one-way flight to New York.	5
I need one-way flights.	5
find one way flights	5
Find for me a one-way flight for a group of three people.	5
Can you please help me in finding one way flights?	5
I would like to find some one-way flights and I prefer traveling in Economy.	5
Could you find me a one way flight leaving from Vancouver? I need four Economy tickets.	5
I would like economy flights for 9th of this month.	5
Can you help me find a one way flight?	5
Can you look for one-way flights for me?	5
It's likely I'll be going on a trip soon. Can you get a one-way flight for me?	5
I'm looking for a one way flight from Los Angeles to Vancouver on the 10th of March.	5
I'm looking for a one-way flight.	5
Would you find me one way flights?	5
Can you help me find a one way flight on American Airlines?	5
I need help searching for a one-way flight?	5
Find a one way flight for me.	5
Hey, can you help me find some one-way flights?	5
Could you help me look for one-wa flights?	5
Can you get me a one way flight?	5
I need a one way economy seat to Kuala Lumpur.	5
can you get me a one way flight?	5
I am interested in having Economy tickets for three people for a one-way flight.	5
Would you help me find a one-way flight so I can get to my sister's wedding on time? Your savvy help would be a big relief.	5
I would like to find a flight to SF.	5
Hi there, could you help me book some one-way flight tickets please?	5
find one way flights	5
Would you look for one way flights?	5
I'd like three one-way flights via Southwest Airlines.	5
I need a United Airlines one way flight for 3.	5
I would like to find a one-way flight.	5
Hi, are there any one-way flights on United Airlines which I can travel with?	5
I would like to find a one-way flight.	5
I'm looking for one way flights leaving on the 11th.	5
Can you find me a one way flight to SFO.	5
I'd like to find a one-way Economy flight.	5
Will you find me one-way flights?	5
I'd like a one way flight on the 4th of this month to Portland, OR. I need a premium economy ticket.	5
I am in need of finding a one-way flight, and I want the ticket for the flight to be an Economy one. I will be flying off from London.	5
Look up one way flights.	5
I am flying with some friends on a trip, please find a one way flight from no particular airline for 3 people.	5
Are you able to find me a one-way flight?	5
I need a one way economy flight with American Airlines.	5
I need three tickets on a flight to Seattle, WA.	5
I'm going on a short trip home. Not sure when I'll be back. Can you find me a one-way flight that leaves the 2nd of this month?	5
I want to search for an one-way flight with United Airlines and I need to book it from March 3rd.	5
Get a ticket for 1 on a plane to Chi-town.	5
I'm looking for one-way flights?	5
Look up one way flights.	5
I need a one-way flight for next Monday, with American Airlines if possible.	5
I need some one way flights.	5
I would like a one way flight.	5
I want one way flights and am leaving the 2nd of March and I want premium economy	5
I need a one-way flight to San Diego.	5
I am planning for a business tour, will you help me find one-way tickets?	5
Find me round trip flights out of LAX.	5
I need a round trip flight leaving New York.	5
I need to travel soon with some friends, can you find some round trip flights from United Airlines for 4 people. We want to leave on the 11th of this month.	5
I need a round trip flight. I'll get back March 5th.	5
Please find me a round trip flight.	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
I need to plan a trip. I would like to search round trip flights, please.	5
I will be traveling soon, what round flights are available?	5
Can you help me find round trip flights?	5
Search round trip flights available on the 3rd of March.	5
Would you help me get set up with a round trip flight?	5
Can you help me find some round trip flights?	5
I need to find round trip flights please.	5
Please find me a round trip flight.	5
I am searching for a round trip flight for four people	5
Can you please help me in booking a round flight for me?	5
I need a round-trip flight.	5
Can you get a round trip airline ticket for 4 for me in any class?	5
Can you search for round trip flights traveling to SFO?	5
Can you find me round trip flights?	5
I need to find a round trip flight.	5
Can you find round trip flights for me? I'd like to travel Economy leaving from San Fran.	5
Could you look up some round trip flights?	5
I'm looking for round trip flights departing on this Sunday. I prefer Delta Airlines.	5
I want premium economy on 13th of march.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight to San Francisco?	5
I need your help making a flight reservation to attend a convention. Can you help me check on some round-trip flights now, please?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Search for round trip flights place.	5
I need help finding a round trip flight.	5
I'd like a round trip flight and want to be back by the 13th of march.	5
I need to find round trip flights. My return date is the 10th of March.	5
I'm looking for round trip flights.	5
I'm headed to Portland, OR pretty soon. Can you find me an economy round trip flight there?	5
find a round trip flights for four people in group? flight should be United Airlines.	5
I'm looking for round-trip flights with available Economy class seats.	5
I need help searching for round-trip flights.	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
I need to look for round trip flights.	5
Hello! Can you review round trip flights for me?	5
Can you find a round trip economy flight for me? I plan to leave on March 1st and will return March 10th.	5
I will be back march 14th and am leaving san fran	5
Would you look for round trip flights for me?	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
Can you help me find a round trip flight?	5
I need to look for some round trip flights.	5
Please look for some flights that are round trip. I am going to Los Angeles and leaving on the 4th of March.	5
I need round trip plane tickets.	5
Can you find me round trip flights from Portland, OR on the 11th of March on Delta Airlines?	5
I need a round trip flight?	5
I need to find a roundtrip flight please.	5
I'd like to fond round trip flights.	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight on Delta Airlines.	5
I want to search round trip flights.	5
Get me a prime ticket for one to Las Vegas. I feel lucky.	5
I'd like a round trip flight and I'm leaving march 3rd.	5
I'm looking to get a round trip flight coming up.	5
I'm looking for round trip flights.	5
Can you help me find round trip flights?	5
Could you find round trip flights for me?	5
I need to search round trip flights on the 7th.	5
Can you help me find round trip flights?	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
I will be traveling soon, are there some round trips available?	5
Will you fine round trip flights?	5
Can you find a round trip flight for 2 people?	5
Please help me find a round trip flights on the 4th.	5
Can you help me get 3 round trip tickets to travel to Vegas on the 1st?	5
I want you to find me a round trip flight. I want to depart on the 4th, and I will leave from LAX to arrive to ATL.	5
Can you help me find a round trip flight?	5
Can you find me a round trip flight leaving from los angeles	5
I want to search round trip flights for my short trip and I need your help to find the good one.	5
Would you look for round trip flights for me?	5
Find me round trip flights from San Fran. I want the return flight to be the 13th of this month.	5
Could you help me find a round-trip flight for one leaving from SF? I'd like to return on 10th of March.	5
I will be traveling with a friend. Please find a round trip flight for 2 people.	5
I need to find flights for the 6th of this month.	5
Please help me find round-trip flights.	5
Hi there, could you help me search for some Premium Economy flight tickets?	5
Can you do a search for round trip flights for me?	5
I would like a round trip flight from NY. I would be leaving on the 6th of March and returning on March 9th.	5
Can you help me find a flight from Vancouver, BC on March 4th.	5
can you find me a round trip flight leaving from chi-town	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I wan to search for some round trip flights from 11th of March. Can you search for the one with United Airlines.	5
I'm looking for a roundtrip flight that comes back on the 10th.	5
Can you search round trip flights for me?	5
Could you look for round trip flights for me?	5
I need to find a flight. Economy class. I'll be returning on the 12th of this month.	5
Look for a round trip flight.	5
Will you find round trip flights on Delta Airlines that returns on 14th of this month?	5
Help me find round trip flights.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Will you find flights in Economy for three from NYC?	5
Can you help me find 3 tickets for a roundtrip flight?	5
I need two plane tickets, round trip.	5
Hello there. I'm going to be traveling very soon. Can you find a round trip flight for me?	5
Hey do a search for me for round trip flights.	5
Can you go find me a round trip flight? I'm going to be vacationing pretty soon.	5
Look up round trip economy flights on Delta Airlines.	5
I would like to find a round trip.	5
I want to search for the round trip flights and I need your help in this, can you help me?	5
I need an Economy round trip flight for 3 leaving out of Atlanta.	5
I need to find a round trip flight.	5
I need to make a round trip.	5
Please help me look for round trip flights.	5
Can you please help me in finding a round trip flight?	5
I need a round trip flight but I can't book it on my own	5
I'd like to search for some round trip flights. I've got three people in the group.	5
I need a round trip flights from Los Angeles. I want to come back on the 9th of this month	5
I want you to look for a round trip flight for me.	5
I'm going on a trip. Can you find a good plane for me? I want a round trip.	5
I would like to find a round trip flight for 3 people to Philadelphia.	5
can you find me 2 round trip flight to portland, or on 7th of march	5
Hello! Please let me know if there is any round-trip flights available?	5
I need you to search flights leaving Seattle, WA going to Vancouver, BC. I am not particular about which airline I travel with.$295	5
Can you please find me a round trip flight for today?	5
Can you help me find a round-trip flight?	5
Can you find round trip flights for me?	5
I need a hand in finding round flights for my next trip	5
Find me a round trip flight	5
Find for me please round trip flight.	5
I need you to search round trip flights please.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Can you search for round trip flights?	5
I'm looking for round-trip flights.	5
Hello! I'd like to find 3 round trip flight tickets. Can you help me?	5
Hi, could you help me search for a round trip flight to SF on the 13th of this month?	5
I am looking for a round trip flight. Do you have the information about it?	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
Can you find a round trip flight for my upcoming trip?	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trips please?	5
Can you assist me with round trip flights.	5
How about helping with round trip planes for me?	5
I need for find a friendly round-trip flight for my elderly grandparents and myself. Would you walk through this with me, please?	5
Look up round trip flights from New York and returning on the 13th of this month.	5
I would like to fin da round trip flight.	5
search the round trips 1 person	5
I need to find round trip flights.	5
I'm trying to find a roundtrip flight for 2.	5
Help me look for round trip flights on Delta Airlines. I'm traveling from Philly.	5
Can you manage to get me some plane tickets.	5
Can you help me book a round trip flight?	5
I wanna be back the 8th and going to phoenix, az	5
I need to search for round trip flights. I need 3 tickets and want to leave on the 8th.	5
Find me some round trip flights.	5
Could you find me a round trip flight?	5
I'm looking for a round-trip flight with Southwest Airlines for 3 people.	5
Hi, I would like to make a reservation for a round trip please.	5
I would like to find a rounr trip flight.	5
I have to get round-trip tickets to get to Los Angeles for my presentation at the Tech convention. It would be a huge relief if you would help me set the flight up, please.	5
I need 2 tickets for a round trip flight.	5
I need a plane. Can you find one for me? Preferably a round trip. I need to be back on the 14th of this month and want premium economy seats.	5
Let's look for round trip flights. I'll be going to Atlanta, GA.	5
Look up a round trip flight.	5
Can you get on and get me a round trip ticket?	5
I want to find some round trip flights. I want to get back on the 13th of this month. I will be leaving from New York City and there will be 2 people in my group.	5
Can you find me round trip flights for three passengers please?	5
Hey, get me some Economy priced round trip flights please?	5
I need a round trip flight for 1 on the 9th of this month.	5
Can you find some round trip flights for me.	5
I need to find a round-trip flight.	5
Find round trip Economy flights for me please.	5
Is it possible for you to find me Economy flight tickets for a round trip flight, for which I will leave on March 11th.	5
Will you find round trip flights for next Tuesday?	5
I need to find a round trip.	5
I need some assistance please with roundtrip flights.	5
Can you search round trip flights for me?	5
Can yiu find me a roundtrip flight from Chi-town to Seattle, WA that returns on March 11th?	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
Can you look for round trip flights that return on the 9th of this month?	5
I need to find a round trip economy slight later today.	5
I would like a round trip flight.	5
I need a round trip ticket.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
I need a roundtrip flight this Sunday and I don't care about the seating class.	5
Help me look for round trip flights.	5
Hi, could you assist me in searching for a round trip flight please?	5
Help me look up some round trip flights.	5
Can you do a search for round trip flights for me? I enjoy traveling in economy.	5
I want to find a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
I'd like to get a round trip flight from LA to SF.	5
I want to search for a bus and I need your help to purchase tickets on the same bus.	2
I need to find bus tickets. I would like flexible tickets. I'm looking for something leaving around morning 10:30.	2
I need 3 bus tickets on a bus that departs at 5:30 in the evening.	2
I am interested in getting Flexible bus tickets for 2 people that is going to LA.	2
I need 1 ticket on a bus this Saturday.	2
Find me bus tickets.	2
I want bus tickets to Anaheim, CA for half past 7 in the evening.	2
I want bus tickets for March 10th. I want flexible tickets. I'll be in Las Vegas.	2
I'd like to buy bus tickets.	2
I'm looking to get bus tickets.	2
Help me get some bus tickets.	2
i am lookig to buy a bus ticket saturday this week to la	2
I want Flexible bus tickets for a bus that leaves Long Beach at 3:30 in the afternoon.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets.	2
I need bus tickets.	2
I need a bus ticket to San Diego please.	2
I wish to buy bus tickets.	2
I'd like to find a bus to San Fran around 1:30 pm. I need 3 tickets.	2
Hi, could you help me purchase some bus tickets which depart at 5 in the evening?	2
I would like to buy bus tickets.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for bus tickets for one to San Francisco.	2
I would like to buy tickets leaving from LA quarter to 8 in the morning.	2
I need to buy four bus tickets to Vegas.	2
I'm headed to Fresno, CA pretty soon. Can you find me a bus that heads there starting evening 5:45?	2
I want fresno, ca	2
I need some bus tickets for a trip.	2
I'm in need of some bus tickets for upcoming travel.	2
I need to get bus tickets.	2
I'm looking for a bus ticket from San Francisco. I just need one ticket and would like to leave around 11:45 in the morning.	2
I need to check for 3 bus tickets from Los Angeles to SD.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets to Philly.	2
I'm looking for Economy bus tickets that go to Sacramento, CA.	2
Hi there, could you help me purchase some economy extra bus tickets please?	2
Can you please get me four Economy extra bus tickets from SD?	2
I will be traveling soon, I need to find a bus.	2
I need to take a bus.	2
I'd like to buy some bus tickets.	2
I need 3 flexible bus tickets leaving at one in the afternoon please.	2
I would like to buy a bus ticket.	2
Can you help me purchase a bus ticket to Vegas? I would like to depart at 12:15 in the afternoon.	2
I wish to get bus tickets.	2
Assistant, I am looking to purchase bus tickets. I want the bus to depart at a quarter to 4 in the afternoon. Make it an Economy class ticket that will be departing on Tuesday next week.	2
I need to get a bus ticket for one from Long Beach leaving on 7th of this month.	2
I need to buy a bus ticket for one person.	2
I would like to find a flight, four economy tickets for March 1st.	2
I need a bus ticket	2
Hi there, could you help me reserve some bus tickets please?	2
I need a bus ticket.	2
Hi, could you help me search for some bus rides please?	2
I would like to purchase bus tickets.	2
I need bus tickets.	2
Hello! Can you help me find a bus to LA at 3:30 in the afternoon?	2
Get me some bus tickets.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets.	2
I need a ticket leaving Sacramento, CA on Tuesday next week.	2
I need 3 economy extra bus tickets from San Diego	2
Hey, can you get me a bus ticket departing Thursday next week?	2
I want to find bus tickets leaving from San Francisco.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets for the bus that departs at 15:45.	2
I wish to buy bus tickets.	2
I would like to buy three bus tickets leaving from Las Vegas.	2
Hey, could you get me a bus ticket from Los Angeles?	2
I would like to buy Flexible bus tickets for the 2nd of this month.	2
I want to purchase bus tickets for a trip please.	2
Hello. I want 2 bus tickets to Sacramento for March 6th.	2
I need bus tickets.	2
I would like to buy buy tickets.	2
Hey, can you get me some bus tickets?	2
Can you help me purchase one economy bus ticket departing Long Beach, CA ?	2
I need bus tickets to go to Sacramento on March 6th. It should depart at 09:45.	2
I am going to SD and would like to purchase some Flexible bus tickets that will have a departure this afternoon 1:30.	2
Will you buy a bus ticket that leaves at 1 pm?	2
I'm looking for bus tickets.	2
I need a bus ticket from SD. I'd like something Flexible that leaves at 19:15.	2
I want to buy tickets for a bus departing at five pm.	2
I would like to buy bus tickets.	2
I need to look for round trips flights that depart from NYC.	5
I will be traveling soon. Are there available round trip flights on the 8th of this month?	5
I need a round trip flight leaving on the 5th of this month.	5
Hello! I am looking for a round-trip flight to Atlanta, GA and I will be leaving by this Saturday. Please can you find me a good deal?	5
Could you find round trip flights for three people in my group?	5
Could you help me find a round trip flight leaving from Los Angeles?	5
Help me look for round trip flights.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights - bear in mind that I want to fly out on the 5th and return next Friday.	5
I want to go for a trip and for which I need to search for round trip flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
With my vacation coming up, it's time to start planning for that and getting a round-trip flight booked. With your help, it will be a breeze and much appreciated.	5
Are there any round trip flights available? I wish to make a trip.	5
I need a round trip flight for March 1st. I'm going to SF, and I prefer United Airlines.	5
I'm looking to find some options for roundtrip flights.	5
Hello! I'm looking for a round-trip flight and I'll be returning on the 14th.	5
I need support in finding round trip flights	5
Find me Economy round trip fights.	5
I need help getting a round trip flight for my trip.	5
Me me a round trip flight.	5
I will leave toronto, ontario	5
I need a round-trip flight. I need to return on March 10th.	5
I want to look for round trips flights that depart this Sunday.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight.	5
Can you please find me a round trip flight to Atlanta, GA? I plan to return on March 13th.	5
I need to finish planning for my upcoming trip. Can you look up round trip flight tickets for me?	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
I want to search a round trip flight.	5
I need two round trip plane tickets.	5
Hey, can you get me a round-trip flight to Phoenix?	5
Please find me a round trip flights.	5
I need some round tickets departing NYC and returning next Thursday on Delta Airlines.	5
can you look for some round trip flights for me?	5
Find me some round trip flights.	5
Help me look for round trip flights by American Airlines.	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
I would like an economy ticket on a round trip flight.	5
Can you find some Alaska Airlines round trip flights departing from San Fran.	5
I am interested in finding a round trip flight.	5
I would like to find a flight.	5
Find me round trip flights from LA on march 3rd?	5
Look up round trip economy tickets for 3 on United Airlines.	5
I want to search for some round trip flights and I need to book the tickets in Economy class. Can you help me to find the one for me?	5
I need a round trip flight	5
Find me round trip flights.	5
Hello, I'm looking for a flight with round-trip. Can you find me one?	5
I need a round-trip flight leaving next Wednesday.	5
I would like a round trip flight for one.	5
Find me a round trip flights in Premium Economy class for 4 people	5
Can you help me find some round trip flights	5
Can you find me round trip flights for 4?	5
Hello, could you help me search for some round trip tickets to LAX please?	5
I need a round trip flights	5
Can you search for round trip flights to Chi-town for the 11th of March?	5
Could you help in finding round trip flights for me?	5
I need help finding 4 round trip tickets leaving on the 9th of this month.	5
I want to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for round trip flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
I want to go for a trip from the 3rd to the 12th and for which I need to search for round trip flights. Can you search for the one for four people?	5
I need to search round trip flights.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
I need to check out flights.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Please help me find a round trip flight.	5
I'm looking for round trip flights.	5
Can you help me book a round trip flight for 2?	5
Could you find round trip flights for me? There are four in my group. I do not care about the airline.	5
Could you look for round trip flights for me? I would like to leave next Friday. I need to return on 14th of this month.	5
On this Sunday, could you find a round trip flight for me?	5
I want to find tickets for a round trip flight, and I want to leave today.	5
Search round trip flights to London.	5
Can you help me find round trip flights? I'd like to return on March 13th and I have no preference for the airline.	5
Could you look up a flight for me for 4 people?	5
I need to look for a round trip flight. 4 people will be traveling.	5
Please find me a round trip flights in United Airlines.	5
Hi, could you help me purchase a round flight for 1 which returns on the 7th?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I want to find a round trip flight	5
Could you find round trip flights for me and i like to get back on march 6th.	5
Search some round trip flights for me.	5
Can you find round trip flights?	5
I want to get a round trip flight.	5
I am going to phoenix, az	5
Would you mind looking for roundtrip flights for me?	5
I want you to help me find a round trip flight.	5
I am in need of finding a round trip flight.	5
I need a plane ticket for a round trip I'm taking on the 8th of this month.	5
I want you to find me a round trip flight which leaves from Portland, OR.	5
I wanna be back 14th of this month	5
Please help me find a round trip flights.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
leaving 1st of march chi-town delta airlines	5
I need round a round trip flight on the 7th of March leaving Las Vegas going to Phoenix. Can you help me?	5
I need a round trip flight departing San Francisco next Wednesday.	5
Can you help me find some round trip flights?	5
I'm looking for a roundtrip flight leaving from Vancouver, BC on March 1st.	5
Can you get 2 round trip tickets to Atlanta, GA with a return date of March 14th?	5
Find me round trip flights?	5
Hello! Could you help me search for round trip flights returning on the March 12th for 3 passengers?	5
Let's search for a round trip flight please.	5
I need a roundtrip flight departing from LAX please on any airline.	5
I want to go for a short trip and for which I need to search for round trip flights. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	5
Will you fine Economy round trip flights for two?	5
I want you to find me a round trip flight. I will be departing from Seattle.	5
Hello! Please can you find me a flight with round trip?	5
search round trips for me	5
Could you look up round trip flights for my sake? I have one person in my cohort.	5
Please help me find a round trip flights.	5
find round trip flights	5
I am looking for tickets to an event.	4
I want to book the tickets to the raiders vs lions match taking place in Oakland on 13th of this month	4
I'd like to get tickets to an event happening on the 1st of March.	4
I need an event reservation.	4
I'd like to book one ticket to Todd Rundgren in Yountville.	4
Get me tickets to an event.	4
Can you help me to reserve event tickets?	4
Will you reserve tickets to an event?	4
Find 4 tickets to Aaron Lewis at Rohnert Park.	4
Find me events around SFO.	4
I want to buy tickets for an event?	4
I'd like to get one ticket to see Nattali Rize on Monday next week.	4
I would like to get three tickets for the Raiders Vs Lions game in Oakland.	4
Find me tickets to an event.	4
Hey there, could you help me reserve tickets for an event? I am so bored right now.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to reserve 3 tickets to an event in SF for the 5th of this month.	4
I'd like to get tickets to an event.	4
I want to get event tickets. I need something around Berkeley on the 1st of this month. I'm looking at the Nattali Rize event.	4
Hello! I need some help getting tickets.	4
I'd like to book tickets to an event. I'd like something on the 12th of this month and the event I'm looking for is Golden Bears vs Trojans.	4
i like to reserve tickets for an event.	4
Can you please make sure whether I can enjoy Matt Corby on the 8th.	4
I want to reserve tickets to the Aaron Lewis event.	4
I'd like to book tickets for an event.	4
Can you help me to find some events around San Francisco?	4
I will need two tickets for my friend and I.	4
I want to get tickets for an event.	4
I want to book tickets to the Huichica Music Festival event.	4
I want to reserve tickets.	4
Reserve event tickets.	4
Reserve event tickets.	4
I need to reserve 3 tickets for an event.	4
I need tickets for an event	4
I would like to buy tickets to the Raiders Vs Bengals game on the 9th. I need 2 tickets.	4
Anything worth getting a ticket for in Toronto, Canada?	4
I would like one ticket for an event around Yountville.	4
My friends and I want to go to Matt Corby the day after tomorrow. Are there any tickets available? We will need four.	4
Can you get me a ticket to the Giants vs Cardinals game?	4
Hi, I'd like to book tickets for an event on March 5th.	4
I want to get event tickets.	4
Hello, could you make a reservation for some tickets to an event please?	4
I would like to make a reservation to an event.	4
Will you reserve tickets to an event?	4
I want tickets to an event	4
Can you help me in reserving tickets to an event on 4th of this month?	4
I want to reserve tickets to the Giants Vs Cardinals event in San Fran for Monday next week.	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
Can you reserve some event tickets for me?	4
I'd like to book four tickets to Josh Groban this Saturday.	4
I need tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to reserve some tickets to an event.	4
I want to reserve tickets to something?	4
I want to go to an event on the 5th of this month.	4
Some friends will come to visit and I need four tickets for Josh Groban in Livermore.	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I want to buy tickets for an event.	4
I need reservations made for an event please.	4
Reserve me one event ticket.	4
Hi, could you help me reserve some event tickets please?	4
I want a three tickets at event Raiders Vs Bengals around Oakland.	4
I'd like to book tickets to an event. I'm looking for an event around SF and the event is called Carmina Burana.	4
I would like to reserve a ticket to an event.	4
I want to buy 2 tickets for an event on March 8th called Water Seed.	4
I am looking to reserve 4 tickets to an event in Los Angeles.	4
Can you help me reserve tickets for the Allan Rayman event around the 9th of this month in SFO area?	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event around San Francisco. I would like something on the 1st.	4
Hello! Nancy here! Please may I know what's coming up in your calendar. Is there any special events?	4
I need tickets to an event.	4
I want three tickets to an event on the 9th of March.	4
I'd like to reserve event tickets.	4
I would like to reserve tickets in Napa for Jon B on March 9th.	4
I like to book tickets to an event	4
Can you help me find tickets to the Berkeley World Music Festival in Berkeley on March 11th.	4
I want to buy 4 tickets for friends and I to go to an event in LAX on March 13th.	4
I'd like to book tickets to an event on the 2nd.	4
I need to reserve tickets to the Celine Dion event that is near San Francisco.	4
I'd like to book some tickets to an event happening on March 9th in Oakland.	4
I want to reserve 2 tickets to see Aaron Lewis on Friday next week.	4
I would like 2 tickets to The Original Wailers.	4
Can you help me in reserving tickets to an event?	4
I want to buy a ticket to an event, is there anything in Seattle, WA?	4
I would like to reseserve event tickets.	4
I want to book event tickets please.	4
I want to find a dentist.	15
Can you find me a dentist in Sunnyvale?	15
Could you help me find a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I'm looking for a dentist that does cosmetic services.	15
Can you please find me a dentist?	15
I need some dental work done. Please find me a dentist.	15
I am in need of finding a dentist.	15
Hello! Nani here! My tooth is aching like anything. Please can you find me a dentist to consult?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Can you get me a dentist in Santa Rosa?	15
I need to get my teeth checked. What dentists are available in Los Gatos?	15
Hello! Please can you look for a dentist?	15
Hi, could you help me search for a dentist please?	15
I think it's time for me to see a dentist	15
Will you find me a dentist?	15
Can you help me to find a dentist in San Jose.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a dentist in the Fremont area please?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Help me find a dentist	15
I need to find a dentist	15
I want to search for a dentist for which I need your help to find the suitable person for me.	15
I'm looking for a dentist.	15
Help me find a dentist.	15
Find me a dentist	15
Please help me to find a dentist.	15
I'm looking for a dentist in San Jose.	15
I want to search for a dentist to do my regular checkup and I need your help to find the one in Los Gatos.	15
I need a dentist	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I want to find a dentist.	15
Hi, I need to find a dentist in San Jose.	15
Can you search for a dentist for me, preferrably in Santa Rosa that has cosmetic services?	15
I want you to find me a dentist in Fairfield.	15
Please help to find a dentist.	15
Find me an apartment in San Jose.	15
I need a dentist please.	15
Hi, could you help me find a dentist in the Sebastopol area?	15
Will you find a dentist?	15
Hey, can you help me find a dentist? My teeth are aching.	15
Can you please find me a dentist?	15
Can you help me find a dentist	15
Could you find me a dentist in the Sunnyvale area?	15
Can you find a dentist for me?	15
I wish to find a Dentist in Milpitas.	15
I need to find a San Jose dentist please.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Can you help me find a cosmetic dentist?	15
I have a toothache, find a dentist please.	15
Find a dentist.	15
I'm looking for a dentist and I need help.	15
I need a dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
I haven't gotten a haircut in a long time. Can you look up salons for me?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon	15
Find me a salon.	15
Can you help me find a unisex salon?	15
Find me a salon in SFO.	15
Hello! please can you find me a salon?	15
I need to locate a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I want to find a unisex salon in San Francisco.	15
I'd like to have you locate a salon for me.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Help me to find a salon	15
Pull up salons in San Fran please.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon is San Jose.	15
Hello! Please can you find you find some good salon in Burlingame?	15
Hi, i need a help, i need to find a salon, could you find it for me?	15
can you find me a salon in sunnyvale?	15
Could you help me in finding a salon.	15
I'm wanting to make an appointment at a salon, something in Sunnyvale.	15
I'm looking for a slon in Antioch please.	15
Can you help me find a salon in San Fran?	15
Please find me a salon in Berkeley.	15
Can you help me find a salon? I'd like a place that serves men and women in Walnut Creek.	15
I need to change my hair. Look for a salon.	15
I am in need of finding a salon in Fremont.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Millbrae.	15
I need to get into a salon.	15
Can you please find me a unisex salon?	15
Hello! Please can you find me some good salon in San Francisco?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I am interested in finding a salon.	15
Could you help me in finding a salon?	15
I need to find a salon please.	15
Will you find a salon in Pinole?	15
Find me a salon.	15
My hair need to be shaped for the coming special function of my life. Where would I get an excellent service of salon?	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Walnut Creek.	15
Can you find me a salon to visit?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
Can you please look for a good salon in the Menlo Park area?	15
I want to nicen up my hair. Can you find me a salon in San Francisco?	15
Hi, are there any nice salon where I can do my hair?	15
Find me a salon.	15
I need to find a unisex salon in Santa Rosa.	15
Find me a salon.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a unisex salon in the San Jose area please?	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I need to find a unisex salon in oakland.	15
I want to search for a Salon to change my hairstyle now and I need your help to find the suitable one.	15
find a salone	15
I'd like a salon in walnut creek that's unisex	15
Can you help me to book an appointment at a Salon?	15
Will you find a salon?	15
Will you look for a General Practitioner in Napa?	15
I need to get myself checked. What doctors are available?	15
Hi, could you help me schedule a visit to the doctor please?	15
Can you find me a dermatologist located in Los Gatos?	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
I'm searching for a physician.	15
Will you find a Gynecologist in San Jose?	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I need a Doctor in San Jose. I want to see a Ophthalmologist.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I'm looking for a general practitioner doctor in napa.	15
I need a doctor please.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I am going to the doctor. Pull up options in Santa Rosa.	15
I am searching for a doctor	15
Hello! I need to make sure I'm in good health. Find a doctor in Concord for me.	15
I need a checkup. Can you find a ENT specialist at Mountain View for me?	15
I need a doctor in SF	15
Find me a doctor.	15
Hello! Please can you find some good doctors in Santa Rosa?	15
Can you find me a doctor in Santa Rosa?	15
I need to find a doctor	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I need to see a doctor, can you please look for one for me?	15
I have a rash, can you find me a Dermatologist in San Ramon please.	15
I'm looking for a gynecologist please.	15
I am unwell and need a doctor. Find a General Practitioner for me please.	15
Hi, I want to find a general practitioner in Orinda.	15
I need some help finding a doctor.	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
Hello! Please can you find an Ophthalmologist in SFO?	15
I want to find a doctor please.	15
Iw ould liek to find a Dermatologist in San Mateo.	15
I need a Santa Rosa doctor please.	15
I'm on the search for a general practitioner in San Francisco.	15
I need a doctor	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
I need to make sure I'm in good health. Can you find me a doctor at San Carlos?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need to find a doctor	15
can you find me a general practitioner in berkeley?	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need help finding a doctor.	15
I need to visit the doctor, can you help me find one?	15
I haven't gotten my health checked in a good while. I'd like to find a doctor.	15
Hello! please can you help me to find a doctor for consultation?	15
Hey! please can you find some good doctors in Concord?	15
I need assistance to find a doctor.	15
I really need to see how my health is. Can you find a doctor?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I have an health related emergency so i need to find a dermatologist	15
I need a doctor	15
Will you find a doctor?	15
I need to see a doctor. I want a new General Practitioner. Can you find me one in SFO?	15
I need to find an apartment please.	6
I am looking for a pet friendly apartment in Sunnyvale.	6
I'm looking for an apartment with two bathrooms.	6
Find me an apartment in Novato.	6
I need a 3 bath apartment	6
I have the necessity to find an apartment but I'm not sure you can help me with this...	6
I am interested in finding an apartment.	6
Hello! I'll be moving shortly due to work. Please can you find me some good apartment?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I need assistance finding a 4 bedroom, three bath apartment that is pet friendly.	6
I wish to search for an apartment.	6
I'm trying to find a place to rent.	6
Will you find an apartment?	6
I'd like to find a one bedroom apartment that takes pets please.	6
I need to find a new apartment and the main thing is it needs two baths. Can you help?	6
I need to find an 3 bed room apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment please	6
I need a place to stay. Can you find for me an apartment with 4 bedrooms?	6
I need to find an apartment with 2 bedrooms.	6
I want to book a 1 bedroom apartment in san ramon	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Hey! Please can you find a one bath apartment in sunnyvale?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Hey, get me a two bedroom apartment please.	6
I need to find an apartment	6
Can you help me find a 2 bed room, 1 bath room apartment that allows pets?	6
Hi, could you help me search for an apartment please?	6
Will you find an apartment?	6
Hi, could you help me search for an apartment please?	6
I want to find an apartment	6
Please find me an apartment with three bedrooms and two bathrooms.	6
I need a 2 bedroom apartment	6
Hello. I need an apartment. Can you find me a 3 bedroom one in Santa Rosa?	6
I like to search an apartment in san jose with 1 bath and pets should be welcomed.	6
I am interested in finding an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment	6
Hello! I'm looking for an apartment. Please can you find me one?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Hi, could you help me find a nice apartment to stay at please?	6
I want a pet friendly apartment in Vallejo.	6
I need a new place to live. Can you find an apartment for me?	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I am searching for some nice apartments in Union City and I want the one with 3 Bed rooms and 2 baths. can you help me to find a comfortable one?	6
I'm looking for a one bedroom one bath apartment.	6
I like to find apartment.	6
I need an apartment with 2 baths.	6
Find apartments.	6
I'd like to find a nice apartment. Can you do a search for me?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I need an apartment in Napa. I want 3 bed and two bath.	6
Do you have details of any apartment with three baths? I am in need of such an apartment.	6
I need to search for an apartment	6
I want an apartment	6
I need an apartment.	6
I need help in finding an apartment	6
Can you find me an apartment with 3 bedrooms and 3 baths?	6
I'm looking for an apartment, preferably in Walnut Creek.	6
I need an apartment in vallejo	6
I need an apartment with 3 baths and pets ok.	6
Hi, I'd like help finding an apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment to stay at?	6
Can you help me to find an apartment that has 2 baths?	6
Can you find me an apartment in Sunnyvale where pets are allowed?	6
Hello! Please can you find me an apartment for I've to move to a new one due to my work.	6
We are thinking about a shifting of apartment. Can you search for one in Hayward with 2 bedrooms.	6
Hello, I need help finding a 3 bedroom apartment in Oakland.	6
Can you help me find an apartment.	6
I would like an apartment with 3 baths.	6
I will be moving soon and need to find a new apartment.	6
Look for an apartment for me please. I am relocating.	6
I'm thinking about moving. Let's look up some apartments please.	6
Can you look me an apartment. I need to be changing places.	6
I'm hoping to find an apartment located in Petaluma.	6
I need to find an apartment	6
Hi, could you help me search for an apartment in Los Gatos with 4 bedrooms and three baths please.	6
I need a new apartment.	6
I need a place to live. Can you find an apartment for me?	6
Find me an apartment.	6
I need a place to stay at. Can you find an apartment for me?	6
I need a 1 bed room and 1 bath apartment. I have pets with me too. So look for an apartment that allows them.	6
I would like to rent an apartment.	6
I would like to move to another place, can you find me an apartment?	6
Let's do an apartment search for 3 bed rooms available in San Jose please.	6
Can you please find an apartment for me?	6
I'd like to look for a residence.	6
I want to find an apartment for which I need your help. Can you find me the suitable one?	6
I want to find a four bedroom apartment in San Ramon.	6
I'm looking for an apartment with two bed rooms?	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Please find me a furnished apartment with 3 bathrooms.	6
I'm planning on moving and I need to find a new apartment, in Vallejo. I want one with one bedroom and one bath.	6
Find me an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment with three bathrooms.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I'm in the market for a larger place so the family can spread out a bit. What could you recommend for a nice apartment in Oakley, please?	6
I need a new apartment.	6
I'd like an apartment with three bed and Three baths in Sunnyvale.	6
Get me an apartment to live in.	6
I'm looking to relocate. I need to find a one bedroom, one bath apartment. Please help me.	6
I'm going to possibly need to move, let's look at some apartment options please.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I need an apartment.	6
Hello! Please can you find me an apartment?	6
Help me look for an apartment in Fairfield.	6
find me an apartment	6
Let's get started, i'm apartment hunting!	6
Find me an apartment.	6
Will you find an apartment?	6
I need to find an apartment to rent.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I am in need of finding an apartment.	6
Hi, I need help finding an apartment.	6
I need an apartment that allows pets with 1 bedroom.	6
Can you get me an apartment?	6
I need an apartment going to San Mateo.	6
I need a furnished, 3 bedroom apartment in Hayward.	6
I like to find an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment.	6
I'm in the mood for a movie. I'd like to see something at AMC Eastridge, my favorite theater.	9
I want to find a movie which I can watch.	9
I'd like to see a film please.	9
Hey, I'm bored. Find me some imax movies I can watch in Alameda.	9
I want to watch a movie in San Jose at CineLux Almaden.	9
I wish to search for a movie in Livermore.	9
I'm looking for an advice regarding a movie to watch	9
I'd like to go to the movies this weekend and I'm looking for something good to see.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch in Newark at the AMC NewPark.	9
I'd like to find a movie to see.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I'm searching for a movie	9
I would like to find a movie.	9
I'd like to find a movie to attend.	9
I'd like to find a movie to see.	9
Hi i need a help, i feel boring now, i am interested to watch movies now, could you find some good movies for me?	9
I'd like to watch a movie. I want to see a suspense imax film in Richmond.	9
I need to find a movie right now.	9
Can you find FIght movies in San Francisco?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to watch	9
I wish to search a movie that is shown in Larkspur. I wish to see at Lark Theater. I love Documentary films.	9
I'm looking for movies in Sebastopol.	9
I'd like to find a horror movie.	9
I wish to search a movie in Vallejo. I wish to see a imax show.	9
I'd like to find a 3d movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
Find an imax showing in San Rafael.	9
I'm so bored. Help me find a 3D musical movie at THE LOT City Center to watch please.	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
I'm looking to find a movie to watch at AMC Eastridge.	9
I think it's about time for me to see my first 3d show	9
I would like a regular show to watch. Can you search movies in Vallejo at Century Vallejo?	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch in Pleasant Hill?	9
Can you find something I can watch? I'm bored. Search for one in Alameda.	9
Can you look for a movie that I could enjoy?	9
I want to watch a movie, what is playing in theaters?	9
I fancy watching a movie.	9
I'm looking for an IMAX adventure movie at Century.	9
I want to go to a movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I need a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I need to find a drama to watch at Vine Cinema in Livermore.	9
Can you suggest me any good movies to watch? I need to avoid boredom.	9
I would like to find a movie at Maya Pittsburg Cinemas.	9
I want to watch a suspense movie in 3d at amc mercado.	9
I'm looking for a movie I'd like to go to.	9
Find me a movie to watch.	9
I fancy watching a movie, could just look for fantasy movies in Emeryville.	9
Hi, are there any nice movies currently showing at Stanford Theatre?	9
I want a movie	9
I'm trying to find a movie to see.	9
Hello! I'm looking for a 3d show movie to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I need to find a good movie.	9
I am interested in finding a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I want to find a movie which I can watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I want to watch a movie! I like horror films. Make it for Pruneyard Cinemas.	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
Find a fantasy movie in Cloverdale at The Clover Theater.	9
Hi, could you help me search for movies to watch in the Livermore Cinema? Any genre will do.	9
I'd like to find a movie at 3rd Street Cinema.	9
Hello. Can you find a movie to watch for me?	9
I would like to watch a movie at CineLux Almaden.	9
I am interested in finding a movie to watch.	9
Will you find Thriller movies at California Theatre in Berkeley?	9
I want to find a movie	9
I want to go watch a movie, what is playing right now?	9
I'd like go find a movie to watch in Livermore that is imax.	9
Can you find me a good film to watch?	9
I am looking for a movie to watch. I want to see an adventure movie at Balboa Theatre.	9
I am looking for a movie to watch	9
I am looking for a good movie to watch.	9
I'd like to find a good suspense movie to watch.	9
Hello. I'd like to watch an adventure movie.	9
I want to go see a movie at New Parkway Theater.	9
I haven't seen a good movie in some time. Can you find one for me?	9
Find me a movie to watch in San Fran	9
I want to find a movie I can watch.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch some fantasy movies in San Ramon	9
I want to find a 3D show at United Artists Berkeley.	9
Hey there. I want to watch a movie.	9
I need to watch a movie.	9
I'm looking for some 3D suspense movies being shown in Berkeley.	9
I like to search a movie to watch online in 3d show and i love musical movies.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
Can you help me find a fight movie showing in San Francisco	9
Can you please find a movie for me to watch?	9
Hi, could you search for some nice movies I can watch?	9
Can you find me a 3d movie to watch at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Please make sure to search for movies shown in Alameda.	9
I haven't seen a movie in theaters in ages. Can you find me something that's playing in my area?	9
I want to watch any type movie.	9
Can you find a movie for me to watch?	9
Can you find me any movie to watch at CineLux Almaden?	9
There's nothing happening today, pull up some movie options please.	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch? Search for adventure movies showing at Livermore Cinema in Livermore.	9
I'm looking for a 3d movie to watch.	9
I want to find a Drama movie to watch in Larkspur. Try the Lark Theater.	9
I want to watch an Adventure movie at Century.	9
I want to see a movie, I don't care what type.	9
I feel like watching a movie. Can you find me any movies shown in Livermore at Vine Cinema?	9
Hi, i need help, I feel boring now, I am interested to watch movie. Could you help me to find it?	9
Can you find me a movie to watch at 3rd Street Cinema?	9
I'm kinda bored let's find a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a 3d movie to watch.	9
I need to find a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I need advices from you for an imax movie to watch	9
I'd like to see a movie this weekend in San Ramon. I'd like to see something in 3d.	9
I'm so bored, can you help me find a movie?	9
I want to find a movie.	9
Play fresh eyes for me	10
I'm in the mood for some music.	10
Hi, I'd like to listen to a song on my television. Can you play If We Have Each Other by Alec Benjamin?	10
I wish to listen to music now. Play it on my kitchen speaker. I love songs by The Wanted.	10
I'm in the mood for some music.	10
I want to relax and listen to music.	10
I'd like to listen to some songs by Starset please.	10
I'm in the mood for music. I'm a fan of Shawn Mendes.	10
I would like to listen to some music.	10
Cast Din Don Dan by Ryutaro Nakahara on the Kitchen speaker.	10
I want music	10
Any good tunes to play?	10
Will you play Babe on my display?	10
Can you cast the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Billy Watman on the television?	10
I would like to hear Sarcasm by Get Scared on my Bedroom speaker please.	10
I want to listen to music	10
I would like to listen to music.	10
I'm in the mood for some jams. Pull up my music please.	10
I'm in the mood to listen to music. I'd like to hear On The Loose.	10
Hi there, could you help me play If I Killed Someone For You by Alec Benjamin on my Bedroom speaker please?	10
Will you play Love Like This on my television?	10
I want to listen to Bruk Off Yuh Back from Konshens in my bedroom.	10
Listen to music	10
I have an urge to listen to some music?	10
I'm interested in hearing some songs	10
I want to listen to some music, can you play something?	10
I need to find some music to listen to.	10
I would like to listen to some music while I do some spring cleaning.	10
I fancy listening to some good music.	10
I want to listen to some songs	10
I want to listen to a Kygo song.	10
I want to play some music.	10
I'm ready to hear tunes on my TV. How about Now that I Found you by Carly Rae Jepsen?	10
I need to listen to some music. I'm so bored.	10
Will you play The Struggle?	10
I want to enjoy listening to some music.	10
I want to relax and listen to some music.	10
Can you cast music on the television for me/	10
Can you play me some music?	10
I want to listen to He is	10
I want to listen to music by Sia on my television.	10
I want to listen to some music now.	10
Hi, i need a help, I feel boring now, I want to listen some good music, I need to listen to somebody on bedroom device. I like song by The Chainsmokers.	10
I'm feeling a bit bored right now. Can you help find me something good to listen to ?	10
Will you play music?	10
Can you cast the song How Deep Is your Love by Sean Paul on the speaker in the kitchen?	10
Put on some tunes.	10
Will you play Nota De Plata by The Motans on my bedroom speaker?	10
I want to hear John Wayne music.	10
I wish to hear the music.	10
I want to hear music on my kitchen device by Janob Rasul.	10
Hello. Can you play me New Friends by Maty Noyes on my bedroom speaker?	10
I'd like to hear some music. Can you play Try To Fight It?	10
put music on speaker in the kitchen	10
Please play the song Attention by Charlie Puth on the display	10
Can you cast some music on the kitchen speaker? I like songs by Radwimps.	10
I want to play music on my kitchen device. I prefer songs by Nick Murphy. Play No Diggity.	10
I want to cast the song Music Never Sleeps by Jason Chen on the television.	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play Be My Baby? I always liked Ariana Grande.	10
I would like to hear the song Stitches in my bedroom.	10
Hi, could you play some Justin Bieber songs for me please?	10
Can you play a song for me?	10
I want a song from Carly Pearce to start playing.	10
Play me that song.	10
I want a song to start playing on my bedroom speaker. The song I am looking for is called Sangria, and it is a song from Blake Shelton.	10
play the song	10
I would like to hear the story of us by taylor swift.	10
Can you play me some music on my kitchen speaker?	10
I want to play the song Shiroyama on my TV. I like songs by Sabaton.	10
I would like to play a song.	10
Play me the song.	10
I want to listen a song on my television	10
I want to hear a song.	10
I want the song	10
can you play a song?	10
I would like to hear Fortunately I Met You by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul.	10
I've got a song stuck in my head, can you play it for me?	10
Toss on some Ariana Grande.	10
Hi, could you play a song titled What Now for me please?	10
I want a song to be played on my television. The name of song I am looking for is Instant Regret, because I enjoy listening to Instant Regrets songs.	10
I wish to play the song now.	10
I wish to play the song. Broadcast it on my display. I love Kacey Musgraves song.	10
Let's play music on the television.	10
I would like to listen to a song.	10
Play some music.	10
I would like to play the song.	10
Can you find me some good songs by Anna Kendrick song?	10
I am hearing this particular song for days now, I want to play it.	10
Will you play the song?	10
I want to listen to a song.	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play Titanium by Madilyn Bailey on any available device?	10
Play the song for me.	10
Can you play me a Alec Benjamin 's songs.	10
do you feel like playing some music for me? I could listen to some frank ocean on my display	10
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play me a song?	10
I want to hear a song.	10
I want to play the song named Hold You.	10
I need you to play a song.	10
I want to cast the songs by Hayley Kiyoko in my kitchen.	10
Hi, could you help me play Hello My Love with the speaker in the bedroom please?	10
Play High by Sivik on my kitchen device please.	10
Play the song for me.	10
I'd like to cast the music.	10
I want to play the song team by Lorde on the kitchen speaker	10
Can you play me a song?	10
I wish the play the song.	10
Hello. I want to listen to music.	10
I'd like to hear a song.	10
Please help play a song. I am really in a bad mood.	10
Play me the song Keep It Mello.	10
do you think you can play a song for me?	10
Play the song for me.	10
Play the song for me.	10
I heard about this new song that's really good I would like to hear.	10
Can you check my balance.	1
go savings account	1
Will you go to my checking account and tell me what my balance is?	1
Can you check my bank balance for me?	1
Can you check my account balance?	1
Can you check my checking account balance please?	1
Check my savings account balance.	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
I need to check my balance.	1
I need to check my savings account balance.	1
Can you check my account balance.	1
I would like to check the balance of my savings account.	1
Open my checking account and get my current balance please.	1
I would like to know my balance.	1
Help me check my balance	1
Update me on my balance	1
Hi! Can you help me check my balance please?	1
I need to check my balance	1
Could you check my checking account balance please?	1
Can you help me check my balance?	1
Look up my balance please.	1
Can you please check the balance of my savings account?	1
Please tell me my checking account balance	1
I'd like to check my bank balance please.	1
Can you get my checking balance for me please?	1
I want to check my savings account balance.	1
I want to make sure I'm financially secure. Can you check my savings account?	1
Help me check my balance.	1
Will you check the balance for my savings acounts?	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
Could you get me my account balance.	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
Check my savings account balance.	1
I need to check my balance.	1
Give me my checking account balance.	1
I would like to check my balance.	1
Hi, i need a help, I need to check my checking account balance?	1
What's the balance on my checking account?	1
I'd like to see how I'm doing in terms of money. Can you check my balance?	1
I want to check the balance of my checking account	1
What is my account balance?	1
I want to checking my checking account balance.	1
I'd like to check the balance of my savings account.	1
Check my account balance for me.	1
Tell me my savings balance please.	1
Can you check the balance of my checking account?	1
I need to check my bank balance.	1
Check my account balance would you, savings please.	1
I have to make sure I'm not strapped for cahs. Can you check how much is in my savings account?	1
Hi, could you help me check my account balance please?	1
Get my checking account balance.	1
Can you check my balance?	1
I would like to check my checking account balance.	1
Can you check how much I have in my savings account?	1
Hi there, could you help me check my account balance please?	1
Hi, could you check the balance of my savings account please?	1
I want to check the balance of my checking account.	1
I'd like to check my balance.	1
I am looking for a Szcheuan restaurant with any price range.	13
I am starving! Can you find me a place to eat?	13
I want to go out to eat. Can you help me find a place?	13
A nice idea came to my mind, I would really love to have a bite somewhere fancy	13
Find me a place to eat at?	13
I am looking for a place to eat.	13
I am hungry and I am wanting to meet this friend for lunch. Can you find me a place to dine?	13
I need to find somewhere to eat.	13
I'm searching for a restaurant.	13
Can you help me to find a good restaurant?	13
Can you find me somewhere for me to eat?	13
I'd like to find a restaurant	13
Can you find a place to eat for me?	13
I am looking fora Parisian restaurant in Ross.	13
I will be meeting with some friends and we need to find a place to eat. Look for something that sells Indian food, the price range doesn't matter.	13
i am very much fond of eating outside food. find a good place to eat?	13
vacaville sichuan food	13
I'm look for a food joint.	13
I would like a moderate priced Oriental place to eat.	13
I am searching for eating place and want some fish kind of food	13
I'd like moderate priced latin american restaurant	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
I'm going on a date and want to take her to dinner. Can you look up places to eat?	13
I'm hungry find places to eat please.	13
Hi, could you help me search for places to eat please?	13
I am searching for a place to eat. I wish to have Pizza and Pasta type of food with afforadable price.	13
I need to find somewhere to eat for this date. Can you look up some not very costly restaurants with Ramen for me?	13
Is there a place to eat you can recommend?	13
My friend is coming over later and I need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?	13
I need to find a restaurant.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat in San Francisco.	13
I will be meeting with a friend later on. Is there any goo restaurant in SF we can go to?	13
I want to eat out.	13
I want a place to eat.	13
I'm super hungry. Can you help me find a nice place to eat?	13
I am searching for a restaurant; specifically something bargain priced. I'd also like some freshwater fish type of food.	13
I'm looking for an average priced place to eat fusion food.	13
I need to find a place to eat please.	13
I want to eat out side for once and I need your help to find some good places to eat? Can you help me?	13
I am in the mood for Izakaya type of food. Pull up some options for me please.	13
I want to find a place to eat that serves alcohol.	13
I am looking for a restaurant, somewhere that sells Lobster would be excellent.	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I want to find a place where I can eat at.	13
I will be meeting with a friend later and want to find a place where we can go eat.	13
I am looking for a pricey place to eat	13
find me an average priced place to eat	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
Hi, could you help me search for intermediate priced food in a restaurant which serves alcohol?	13
I'm looking for somewhere in San Francisco that serves Freshwater fish.	13
I want to find a place to eat in Larkspur which is not very costly. I enjoy having Japanese kind of food.	13
I am looking for a place to eat that serves alcohol in San Mateo.	13
I'm look for a restaurant	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
Hello, please can you find some good restaurant to have food.	13
Hi, could you help me search for places which serves a nice korean barbeque?	13
I need to find somewhere that serves freshwater fish.	13
I am searching for a place to eat in SF. Some seafood type of food will be okay for me.	13
I'm hungry. Can you find me some Asian Fusion?	13
I'd like to find the best restaurant for Cuban food.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat	13
I am hungry. Where should I eat?	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
Hi, i need a help, one of my friend will come here to meet me, i need a restaurant to eat, could you find good place to eat?	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I want moderate place to eat and drink alcohol in Sunnyvale.	13
I need to find a place to eat.	13
Help me find a place to eat.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I am tired of cooking and would like to eat out.	13
I am meeting friends and would like to find a nice place to eat.	13
I have a couple friends visiting and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?	13
I'm starving over here, can you find me somewhere to eat?	13
My stomach is growling. Can you find me some Sichuan food to eat?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
I would like a place to eat	13
I am so hungry. I need you to look for a place I can dine in.	13
Find me a place to eat?	13
Hi, could you help me search for an affordable priced restaurant to visit?	13
I need to find a place where I can eat at.	13
I will be meeting with a friend later on and we need to find a place to eat.	13
My college friends will be in town and we plan on eating out. Please suggest some places.	13
I need to find a moderate priced placed to eat in SFO?	13
Find me some place to eat.	13
Can you find me a place to eat that's nearby?	13
Hi, could you help me look for places to eat please?	13
I'm starved! I want to find an eatery.	13
I'm searching for a restaurant.	13
I'll be in Redwood City and need to find a place to eat.	13
I'm hanging out with my friend later and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?	13
I want to try some different food, something like izakaya in san francisco	13
Can you please find me a place to eat?	13
Get me a place for Pizza and Pasta, I need something average priced.	13
I need a place to eat out.	13
Where can I grab a bite?	13
Can you find me a good restaurant for Vegetarian food?	13
I'm searching for a restaurant, specifically, I'd like a place offering life songs.	13
I need a San Mateo restaurant please.	13
I have a plan to eat outside once for which I need your help to find some nice places. I also like to have Parisian foods. Can you find me the perfect one?	13
Will you find a cheap Mediterranean restaurant?	13
Hi, are there any nice Asian food in the Newark area?	13
Hi, could you help me purchase some flight tickets please?	5
I need to buy flight tickets.	5
Find plane tickets.	5
Can you purchase airplane tickets?	5
I need a plane ticket. I want the return trip to leave at around a quarter to 9 in the night.	5
I need to find economy flights for 1 from Toronto, Ontario.	5
I'm looking for an economy flight to Portland. I need to leave about half past 8 in the morning for the return flight.	5
I need to take a trip. Can you help me buy tickets for a flight?	5
I want to find flight tickets for 3 people through Delta Airlines.	5
I would like tickets to los angeles.	5
I need to buy flight tickets.	5
I need round trip planet tickets and want the first flight to depart at morning 8.	5
Could you assist me in purchasing flight tickets? I'm headed to Philadelphia from NYC, and I'd like to return on the 14th of this month.	5
I need to buy flight tickets.	5
I need your help buying tickets for a flight to LAX.	5
Can you find me a flight that returns on the 10th?	5
I need to purchase tickets for a flight please.	5
I need to buy flight tickets.	5
I need assistance finding one flight ticket that will be leaving from New Delhi. I want to leave around the evening 7.	5
Assistant. Help me locate affordable flight tickets for my trip.	5
I need help to book a flight	5
I need to buy plane tickets.	5
Hi, could you reserve some flight tickets for me please?	5
I need help booking a flight. I want to leave Portland at around 8 pm.	5
I would like to purchase some tickets for a flight please!	5
Can you help me find a flight?	5
Will you buy flight tickets?	5
Can you find me a flight for four from NY on American Airlines please?	5
I need to book a flight.	5
Will you buy flight tickets?	5
I need to book a flight out of Chi-town. Economy fare, and on United Airlines, if possible.	5
Could you assist me in purchasing flight tickets for two people?	5
Can you please find me two round trip flight tickets, flying out on the 6th of March and returning on the 10th?	5
I would like to find a flight ticket.	5
leaving 09:15 from portland, or	5
I need 2 event tickets in Oakland for March 11th.	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event?	4
I need three tickets to an event in San Francisco on the 11th of this month.	4
I'm looking for tickets for an event in Oakland, can you assist me?	4
I want to find event tickets to Billy Currington. I want to go to something in Rohnert Park.	4
I want to get tickets for something interesting.	4
I forgot I was supposed to plan this outing with my friends. Can you book tickets for four people in Berkeley on the 5th of this month?	4
I'd like to buy 3 tickets to an event.	4
I am interested in buying tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to get tickets to an event.	4
I want you to help me to get one ticket on the 11th at an event in SFO.	4
Hi, could you help me purchase some event tickets please?	4
Buy for me tickets for events in San Francisco on Monday next week.Giants Vs Diamondbacks I heard that is very good.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to Giants Vs Nationals on the 10th.	4
Will you buy 3 tickets for Giants Vs Cardinals on 11th of this month.	4
Can you buy me a ticket to an event happening tomorrow?	4
I'm looking to go to a show	4
Get me some tickets.	4
I'd like to purchase some tickets for an event.	4
Can you help me purchase tickets to an event?	4
Can you help me in buying tickets to an event?	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event.	4
Can you please help me get tickets for an event.	4
I want to get some tickets for a show.	4
Can you help me get tickets to the Drums this Saturday in San Fran?	4
I would like to have tickets bought for an event.	4
I'd like to get tickets for something.	4
I really want to enjoy the city more. I'd like to buy some tickets for something happening there.	4
I would like to purchase 1 ticket for the Giants Vs Brewers game on the 8th.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for an event.	4
Will you buy tickets to an event?	4
I'd like tickets to an event.	4
Buy tickets for Celine Dion and I want something in San Fran.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event	4
Can you get me 1 ticket to the Raiders Vs Bengals event? I need it for next Tuesday.	4
Find me event tickets.	4
I would like one ticket for the Billy Currington concert at Rohnert Park.	4
I just have to get tickets to see Golden Bears Vs Trojans I'm dying to see them.	4
I am interesting in buying tickets for an event.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
Can you get me tickets to the big show?	4
I'd like to order 1 ticket for an upcoming event.	4
I need tickets for an event	4
Please find me three tickets for an event by the highly-acclaimed Chris Webby. It should be on 7th of March.	4
I am interested in buying tickets to an event and I have heard that Cher is very good. I would like to buy two tickets for something in San Fran.	4
Please buy me tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to purchase 2 tickets	4
I need 4 tickets for an event.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for an event in San Fran.	4
Can you help me four tickets on the 4th of this month to Rams Vs Cardinals?	4
I'd like to buy a ticket to an event.	4
I want an event in San Fran.	4
I want to buy tickets for an event.	4
I need tickets for an event coming up.	4
I need to purchase 4 tickets for the Star City Music Festival in Brisbane.	4
I'm looking to purchase tickets for an event in Seattle.	4
I'd like to buy 2 tickets to an event. I heard Lights is really good.	4
Let's buy three tickets to see Allan Rayman for the 9th please.	4
Can you get me some tickets to see the big show?	4
I'm looking for something to do on the 12th of March.	4
I like to buy tickets to an event.	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to some things to do, Could you find some events for me?	4
I'd like to buy 4 tickets to an event.	4
Hey, get me Giants Vs Nationals tickets for SFO area. I will attend the game on the 11th please.	4
I would like 4 tickets for Giants Vs Phillies as I was told it was great.	4
I need tickets to an event, please. I want one in Oakland and need like four tickets.	4
I need some help getting ticket for an event.	4
I need to book 2 tickets to Cruz Azul Vs Atlas in San Jose.	4
I am looking for three tickets to a New York event next Friday.	4
I need to purchase event tickets.	4
I need event tickets.	4
I'm planning on going to an event with my friend. Can you help me buy some tickets to it?	4
I would like to buys tickets for Thee Oh Sees.	4
Find me tickets for an event.	4
I would like to buy tickets to the Giants vs Marlins in SF on the 11th.	4
I would like tickets for an event.	4
I want tickets to an event.	4
I need tickets to an game or something.	4
can you book me tickets to an event?	4
I'm looking to buy tickets for an event.	4
I'm looking for some tickets to an event that's on today. I was recommended Nycfc Vs Sporting KC as something I would like.	4
I'd like to buy event tickets.	4
I want to buy tickets for events in Napa	4
I need tickets to an event.	4
I looking for an event in SF on March 13th.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event. I'm trying to find something in Berkeley.	4
I want you to find me a bus. I want to leave from Portland, and my destination is Seattle. The date when I plan to leave is 1st of March.	2
I'm looking for four bus tickets departing from Sacramento today.	2
Can you find me a bus from Sacramento, CA to SD for the 9th of March?	2
I am looking for four bus tickets out of Sacramento, CA.	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus ride travelling to SF area please?	2
I need to find bus tickets.	2
I'm going on a trip soon and need to finish making some plans. Can you help me find a bus ticket?	2
I'm going on a trip for 3 people. Please help me locate a bus that will be going to New York City for a good price.	2
Can you assist me to find a bus for 1 person from San Francisco on 5th of March.	2
I will be traveling soon, can you find a bus please?	2
I need 1 ticket for a bus to SD.	2
Please find me a bus for March 13th.	2
I'd like to find a bus for 1 person going from Washington to New York City.	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Could you find me 1 bus to Vegas leaving next wednesday?	2
I'm looking for a bus.	2
Can you help me in booking three seats in a bus from Portland to Vancouver?	2
I would like to find a bus.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus?	2
I want to find a bus.	2
Find a bus.	2
Help me find a bus.	2
help me find a bus	2
Can you get me a bus? I'm going on a trip.	2
Would you help me search a bus?	2
I need to finish planning for my trip. Can you help me look up bus tickets?	2
I need a bus.	2
My friend wants me to come to their graduation. I guess taking a bus there would be fine. Would you help me with that, please?	2
I need a bus to NY.	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
I am looking for a bus leaving LAX on the 10th of March.	2
I'm going on a trip with my brother. Can you find me a bus for 2 people that goes from SF to LAX?	2
I need a bus from Anaheim.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need a bus please go into Anaheim, CA on the 5th of March. It will be for 4 passengers.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus for one person? I'd like to visit San Diego on the 2nd.	2
I need a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus that goes to Sacramento? I'll need two tickets.	2
Find me a bus for 4 people leaving LA on the 12th of this month.	2
I'd like to search for a bus from Vegas for two people.	2
Can you find a bus?	2
Can you look for a bus on March 4th leaving from LAX? We will be 3 people travelling.	2
I'd like a bus for four people from San Fran	2
Can you help me find three tickets for the 10th of this month on a bus to Sacramento?	2
Could you help me look for a bus?	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Hey, can you help me find a bus?	2
Hey, can you help me find a bus?	2
I need a bus.	2
Can you find me a bus to Anaheim, CA?	2
I need a bus to Seattle. Can you buy one ticket for me? I'm going on Monday next week.	2
Please can you help me to get a bus?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus going from SD to San Francisco?	2
can you find a bus for me	2
Could you help me find a bus?	2
Hi, could you help me search for some bus rides please?	2
I need to find a bus. Can you help me with that?	2
Could you find me a bus for 1 leaving to Seattle, WA on the 7th of march.	2
I'm looking to buy 2 bus tickets for a trip from Anaheim, CA.	2
I'd like you to find me a bus.	2
Please find me a bus.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus for three? I'd like to go to Las Vegas.	2
help me find bus	2
I'm going on a trip with a couple of friends. Can you find me bus tickets for three people from LA?	2
I need to find a bus ticket to visit my baby sister on the 13th of March.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I'd like a bus for one person leaving fresno, ca	2
I'm planning to take a trip. Can you help me search for a bus?	2
I want one person in san fran and am leaving the 5th of march.	2
I'd like to find a bus for the 9th of March.	2
I'm looking for bus tickets for two people departing from Long Beach, CA.	2
I need a bus.	2
I'm trying to look for a bus?	2
Hello. Me and a friend are soon visiting Sacramento, CA. Can you get 2 tickets for a bus ride?	2
it is four people	2
I want you to search and find a bus for me.	2
I need to find a bus that leaves Friday next week.	2
Hello! I'm looking for a bus to travel. Please can you find one?	2
I need to find a bus for four people.	2
I need to find a bus ticket.	2
I am looking for 4 seats on a bus.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus ride for 3 to Portland, OR on the 4th of this month?	2
Help me find a bus from SFO to Long Beach.	2
I need to find two bus tickets from Fresno, CA leaving on March 11th.	2
My vacation begins Thursday next week and I need to find a last minute bus ticket.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need 4 bus tickets.	2
I need to find a bus leaving from Philly on the 8th of this month. I need tickets for three people	2
I need you to help me find a bus for 2 people. I want to start my trip on Monday next week.	2
I am looking for a bus.	2
I'd like to take a trip, please find some bus tickets for me.	2
I need to finish putting plans together for my trip. Can you help me find a bus from Seattle, WA to Portland, OR on the 12th of this month?	2
I'm looking for bus tickets.	2
I need to finish making these trip plans. Can you find me a bus from San Francisco to Los Angeles?	2
Hey, get me a bus to SF please.	2
help me find a bus	2
I want tickets for 2 to LAX for the 8th of this month.	2
I need a bus.	2
I'd like some help finding a bus.	2
Could you find me a bus?	2
I would like to find a bus.	2
Get me a bus for four please.	2
Please find me a bus.	2
I have a plan for a trip to visit Los Angeles and I plan to leave on 1st of March. Can you please check for the availability of some nice buses to this place?	2
I will leave this sunday	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus on the 2nd of March travelling from Anaheim, CA to Sacramento, CA?	2
I want to find a bus from Anaheim on March 7th.	2
Could you find me a bus for two from Anaheim going to SD?	2
I have a small plan to go outside and I want to search for a bus to go there. Can you help me to find the best one?	2
can I find a bus?	2
Hi, could you help me find a bus to take?	2
I need a bus to Los Angeles, what is available?	2
Hi, are there any buses which I can take?	2
four people leaving lax to fresno	2
help me find bus for 1 person	2
Find a bus for me.	2
I would like help with searching for a bus. It's for 3 people departing from Vancouver, BC on the 14th of this month.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need assistance to book a bus journey?	2
I need a bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Would you help me search for a bus leavingfrom SFO? I need a ticket for one person.	2
I need help finding a bus.	2
On March 1st I will need a bus.	2
Can you please help me find a bus for the 10th of this month going from Anaheim, Ca to Sacramento?	2
I will be traveling soon with a friend. I need to find two bus tickets from LA on the 3rd of March.	2
Find a bus.	2
I need your help to find a bus.	2
Would you help me search for a bus? I am leaving from Anaheim on the 13th. I need a ticket for one person.	2
I'm planning on going on a trip soon. Can you help me find a bus that leaves on the 12th of March?	2
Could you help me to find a bus?	2
Hey, can you help me book a bus ticket?	2
HI, could you help me search for a bus to Philadelphia on the 9th for two people?	2
I need help looking for a bus.	2
I'd like a bus for next thursday departing from anaheim	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus ride departing from Long Beach, CA?	2
I need to find a bus ticket to go out of town this weekend.	2
I am looking for two seats on a bus traveling to San Diego on March 11th.	2
Let's get a bus from Anaheim, Ca going to Sacramento Ca? I'm taking off on Wednesday next week.	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus from Sacramento on March 11th for 2 people.	2
I want to find buses, I'm going on a trip on the 6th of this month.	2
Would you help me look for a bus?	2
Can you find attractions for me?	17
I need to find some attractions.	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I fancy getting out and visiting somewhere new?	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
Could you show me some attractions that I can visit?	17
I'm looking for attractions. Can you find something in SFO?	17
I need to finish making plans for my trip. Can you look up some attractions for me?	17
Find me some interesting places to see.	17
I'd like to find attractions.	17
I want a museum at sfo	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions which I can visit without an entry fee in the San Fran area?	17
My family and I are getting together and I need to find some attractions for us to see in San Fran. Can you look up some kid-friendly ones?	17
I want you to find me some attractions which I can visit.	17
I'm looking for some attractions.	17
I need help finding a tourist attraction that is child-friendly.	17
Hi, I'm looking for a kid friendly attraction, ideally a park, in the area.	17
Find attractions.	17
I'd like to see attractions I can go to please.	17
I'd like to visit a garden attraction. Can you find one?	17
What fun place is there to visit?	17
I'm bored, can you find me any attractions I can visit?	17
I'm looking for a kid friendly attraction in San Fran.	17
I'm looking for attractions in SF.	17
I'm looking for a child-friendly Tourist Attraction in San Fran.	17
I would like to find an attraction.	17
I am hoping to find some places to visit, preferably a Museum in SF that is child friendly.	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit?	17
Find a garden to visit.	17
I want to go to a free museum in SF.	17
I need you to search up attractions in SF. I'm looking to go to a Museum.	17
show some attractions	17
can you find me a cool, natural spot around san francisco?	17
I want to go somewhere child-friendly. Is there any attraction that is a historical spot?	17
I want you to find me some attractions I can visit.	17
Hi, I'd like to find some fun attractions to go to.	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions which I can visit?	17
I am looking for something to do. Are there any interesting places to visit?	17
Will you find attractions?	17
I am looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I'm interested in attending some attractions. Can you help me find some?	17
I want to find some attractions I can visit.	17
What fun things are there to do?	17
I want a mall in sf	17
Can you find me some attractions?	17
Can you help me find some attractions to visit?	17
Find me some cool events to see.	17
I'm looking for some interesting attractions to check out. Can you find any that I can visit?	17
Can you find me something cool to do?	17
You got any tourist traps worth visiting?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I'm looking for attractions.	17
I am looking for interesting places to visit. I will be going to SF and want to find something child-friendly and without entry fee.	17
I'm looking for child-friendly attractions in SF. Can you help me find some?	17
I'm looking for free kid friendly historical landmark.	17
Can you find me an attraction to visit?	17
Can you show me some child-friendly attractions to visit?	17
What attractions are there? I'm bored. Check out Performing Arts Venue in San Francisco.	17
I'd like to find an attraction in SF that is free to enter.	17
Can you find some attractions for me? I want to find something child-friendly without an entry fee.	17
Can you find some attractions for me?	17
What attractions are interesting to see?	17
I'd like to visit attractions in San Fran.	17
Can you find me some attractions which I can visit? I would like the attraction to welcome children.	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I need to locate a playground in LA that doesn't cost anything to get in.	17
show san fran place of interest	17
I am interested to visit some attractions.	17
Will you find attractions?	17
Can you find me some attractions which I might like visiting?	17
show some attractions	17
Hi, can you help me to find somewhere to visit?	17
I would like to find an attraction.	17
Hello. Can you find a park in SFO for me?	17
I want to look something to visit. What interest things are there to do?	17
I'll be in San Francisco and I'm looking for some things to do around there. Can you find me any child-friendly attractions to visit, specifically a historical spot?	17
Where is a fun place to visit?	17
Any tourist traps that you recommend?	17
I'd like to find attractions in SF.	17
Is there anywhere fun to visit?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
find places in sfo	17
Please help me find a child-friendly attractions in San Francisco something like Historical Landmark.	17
I want you to find me some attractions which I might like visiting, more specifically I am looking for a historical spot.	17
can you show me some cool places to visit?	17
Pull up some attractions to go check out.	17
Please tell me some attractions that do not charge an entrance fee that I may see while in San Francisco.	17
Please show me some attractions to visit.	17
Will you find attractions?	17
I'm looking for something cool to do. Can you find any nice attractions I can visit?	17
Can you show me an interesting attraction in the area?	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
I am interested in visiting some attractions.	17
Find me something interesting in SFO to see.	17
I want to find some free things to do.	17
Can you give me some attractions to visit?	17
What attractions can I visit?	17
I want to do some stuff in SF.	17
Find me a free garden to visit.	17
I need to find a park to visit.	17
I am looking for a child friendly attraction, possibly a Museum in San Fran.	17
Can you show me some interesting locations in San Fran?	17
What interesting things are there to visit in San Francisco. I want to go to a historical spot.	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit?	17
What child-friendly attractions are available?	17
Can you please find me some child friendly attractions to visit, preferably a historical spot?	17
Could you tell me several attractions to go to, preferably in SFO?	17
I would like to visit a child-friendly nature preserve in SF.	17
Find attractions please.	17
Hi, I need help finding some attractions to go to.	17
I want you to find some attractions for me, which I can visit.	17
Can you please find me some attractions which I can visit?	17
what are some cool places to visit?	17
Any good museum worth seeing.	17
Please help me find some attractions to visit.	17
Will you find a free performance venue?	17
Find me something free that kids would love to do in San Fran.	17
I want a museum	17
Can you find me some attractions I can visit? More precisely I am looking for a Place of Worship attraction, and for it to be in SFO.	17
Please help me find some attractions to visit.	17
I want a park	17
I am looking for something to do. What places are there to visit?	17
I need attractions to see in SFO.	17
Any good attraction to see in town?	17
Now, how will I keep my teen nieces entertained when they get in town? What attractions would you recommend I take them to? Any kind will do.	17
I want to visit a nature preserve.	17
I hope to visit some attractions, preferably a historical landmark which is kid friendly.	17
Find attractions nearby.	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
I am looking for somewhere to visit?	17
I'm looking for something to see or do.	17
Will you find attractions?	17
Hi there, could you help me search for some nice attractions to visit?	17
Hello. Can you find a museum in San Fran for me to visit?	17
I fancy going out to see some attractions.	17
I'm looking for child-friendly attractions in SF.	17
Can you find me some attractions in a stadium?	17
Find me some interesting places to see.	17
I want to find some attractions in SF.	17
can you show me some cool places to visit?	17
I want a museum	17
I would like to visit a religious spot.	17
Please show me some attractions.	17
I need to find a bus.	2
I need to find a bus ticket to go home for spring break.	2
I need Flexible bus tickets.	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
I want to find a bus. Just one person, I am departing from LAX this Saturday.	2
I'm looking for a bus for 1.	2
I'm going on a short trip with a friend soon. Can you help me find a bus ticket?	2
Can you please help me in finding an economy class to Vancouver, BC on sunday this week?	2
I'm taking a trip soon. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I have a plan on a short trip and I want to search for a bus. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	2
I need a bus to Anaheim for 3 people.	2
Hey set me up with a bus headed to SD.	2
Hey, can you help me find a bus leaving from Washington?	2
Hello! Can you help me find bus tickets?	2
I want a bus that departs on the 11th of March and heads to San Fran.	2
Find me a bus.	2
I need to find an economy bus ticket.	2
I want to look for buses.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus please?	2
Can you find a bus for me that departs from Long Beach, CA?	2
Can you do a bus search for me?	2
I'm taking a trip soon. Can you help me search for a bus in Anaheim?	2
I need to find a bus for two.	2
Hey, get me a bus will ya?	2
I need to find a bus going to Fresno. I'd like an economy ticket and I want to leave on the 11th of this month.	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I need a bus.	2
Hello! Can you help me find bus tickets?	2
Find a bus for 2 in economy on the 11th of March.	2
I will leave from portland for 1 person and want flexible tickets	2
I will be heading to San Diego soon. Are there any buses available with Economy tickets? My trip is on the 14th of March.	2
I'm looking for some bus tickets.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need a bus!	2
leaving anaheim to sacramento	2
I would like to find a bus to go to Sacramento?	2
I'm looking for a bus for four people departing from Sacramento on the 12th.	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus?	2
I am looking for one bus ticket leaving from Anaheim, CA.	2
I need you to help me find a bus.	2
Would you help me find a bus for the 6th leaving from San Francisco?	2
Can you get a bus for me?	2
Hey, there. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need to go on a short trip. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I would like seats of a bus for four heading to SD.	2
Hello there. Can you find a bus for me?	2
I'm looking for buses that go from SFO to Las Vegas.	2
There is a program for me outdoors to where I would prefer a bus to go. Can you find one for me?	2
I am going from Las Vegas in a bus which I need you to search. I will need an Economy extra ticket for 1 person.	2
Hi, could you help me search for ab us ride to Portland, OR please?	2
I need one economy seat on a bus from SF.	2
Can you help me search for a bus to Vegas?	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you assist me finding a bus? I want Flexible tickets?	2
I am looking for a bus.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus?	2
I need to find a bus tickets for 2 to go visit some relatives.	2
Find me a bus	2
I need to find a bus please.	2
I need 4 Economy extra bus tickets.	2
I will be needing a ride for my travel. So would you get me a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus from Sacramento, CA? I don't care what type of ticket it is.	2
I need to find bus tickets.	2
Find a bus from San Francisco.	2
I'm looking for a bus for three people departing on the 7th of March.	2
Help me in finding a bus.	2
I'm looking for some bus tickets.	2
Can you help me find a bus from LAX next Tuesday?	2
Hello, I've to leave from Fresno. Please can you find a bus?	2
I need a bus.	2
Hi, could you help me search for ab us ride please?	2
Can you help me find 3 flexible bus tickets to Seattle?	2
Would you find me a bus leaving today?	2
I need to find a bus from Sacramento, CA to Las Vegas.	2
I'm looking for a bus ticket.	2
I need to find a bus please!	2
Would you find a bus for me?	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
Can you find me a bus for three people from San Diego leaving the day after tomorrow?	2
I am hoping to get a bus to las vegas.	2
Please help me to find a bus.	2
I want you to help me find a bus?	2
Help me find the bus	2
Can you help me in booking three any types of tickets in a bus traveling from Los Angeles?	2
I want you to find me a bus.	2
Can you help me find Economy tickets on a bus bound for Sacramento, CA?	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
I need a bus from Sacramento to Anaheim, CA.	2
I am looking for a bus from Sacramento, CA to San Diego.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
I am looking for a bus for 3 people.	2
Can you help me find a bus please?	2
I need to find a bus from Vancouver, BC.	2
I'm looking for flexible tickets on a bus going to Sacramento, CA.	2
Hey, can you help me find some Economy tickets on a bus leaving to NY?	2
Please help me search for a bus	2
I need a bus, what is currently available?	2
Hi! Can you find me 4 bus tickets to Anaheim?	2
I'm looking for some bus tickets.	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
I need a bus ticket for one, something in the economy class.	2
I want a bus! I want economy seats.	2
Can you find me a bus to Sacramento on Wednesday next week? It's for 1 person.	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I want to find a bus leaving on the 6th of this month for 3 people. I want economy seats.	2
Help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me search for a bus from San Fran to Sacramento?	2
I need some transportation, a bus would be ideal	2
I need help finding a bus to get out of town.	2
Could you find me a bus for 2 people heading to SFO?	2
Hi, I need help finding a bus for 1 person from Sacramento to San Diego.	2
I want you to find me a bus.	2
Hi, I need help finding a bus to take.	2
I need to search for buses.	2
I need to get a bus, with which I will leave on 6th of this month, and I want to have Flexible tickets.	2
I'm going on a trip with some friends. Can you help me find a bus ticket?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I need help finding bus tickets.	2
I need a bus.	2
I need bus tickets.	2
Would you help me find a bus for 2 people?	2
I need help finding a bus leaving from Fresno, CA. It's just for one person, and a flexible ticket would be nice.	2
Find me a bus for 4 people to Los Angeles.	2
Would you help me find a bus? I want to leave on Saturday this week and I need 3 tickets.	2
I want you to find me a bus, which leaves from San Diego on the 5th, and I want to have Economy extra tickets for it.	2
I need 4 tickets on a bus to Fresno.	2
I want to find a bus. I want economy tickets.	2
I need help finding a bus.	2
I need to search for a bus that leaves from San Diego, and is heading towards Sacramento, CA.	2
Hi, are there any buses with flexible tickets which departs from Long Beach, CA on the 9th? I will be visiting for a short holiday.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need a bus that'll take me to the Tech convention. I want to get as close as possible. Can you give me hand with that?	2
Can you help me get some bus tickets?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I'd like to take a trip, please search for a bus.	2
I am interested in finding an Adventure movie that I can watch.	9
I want to watch a Fantasy movie at Pruneyard Cinemas	9
Please help me find an Adventure movie and I want to watch it on Imax show.	9
can you find me a comic movie or maybe a regular tv show?	9
Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
Can you find me a movie to watch.	9
I want to find a drama movie to watch. I would like to watch at Rialto Cinemas.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I want to watch a Thriller movie.	9
I want to watch a movie. What movies are playing now?	9
Find me a 3d movie to watch at CineLux Plaza Theatre.	9
Can you please find me a suspense movie to watch at Rheem Theatre in Moraga?	9
Find me a movie to watch	9
I'd like to watch a Fantasy movie. I'm looking for a regular show at Century Blackhawk Plaza.	9
Please help me find a movie to watch.	9
Please find me a 3d Horror movie to watch in Brentwood.	9
I wish to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I want to see a movie at Pruneyard Cinemas.	9
I would like to find a movie to see in Fairfield. I would prefer a 3d show.	9
I want to watch some nice movies for which I need your help.	9
Help me look for Scary movies to watch at THE LOT City Center in San Ramon.	9
I would like to watch a documentary in San Francisco at the Roxie Theater.	9
Find me the showtimes for some movies going on.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a 3d show at Lark Theater.	9
Hi, could you search for a nice movie to watch please?	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I am in the mood of watching a movie, so I want to find a movie to watch. More precisely I would enjoy watching a regular show which is shown in Tiburon, and would like to watch it at Tiburon Playhouse.	9
I would like to find a movie.	9
Hello, its too boring for me. Please can you find me a movie to watch just to relax?	9
Nothing's on TV for the next couple of days. I think I want to see a movie. Can you find movies showing in San Leandro?	9
Can you find me Movie shows at Stanford Theatre located in Palo Alto?	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I need to find a movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I like to watch a nice movie online for which I need your help to find a good one.	9
It's been a while since I went to the movies. Could you please search for Romantic movies showing in San Fran?	9
I like to watch Thriller movies, like movies in Brentwood. I want it in 3d.	9
Me and my friend are going out later, can you see if there's any movies on?	9
Can you help me look for a good movie to see?	9
I'd like to find a fantasy film two see at Brenden Vacaville.	9
I would like to find a fantasy movie to watch. An imax show is best. I want to watch at AMC Metreon.	9
I'm looking for a 3d movies to watch.	9
I am bored. I want to watch a movie to entertain myself.	9
Hi, what movies are there currently showing at THE LOT City Center?	9
I am looking for a movie to watch. I enjoy Fantasy movies.	9
I could really use some time off and entertain myself with a movie	9
Please can you find some 3d show movies to watch?	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch in a theatre?	9
I need to search for a movie to watch	9
I would like to find a movie.	9
I am in mood of watching a movie, so I want to find a 3d movie which I can watch at California Theatre in Berkeley.	9
Find a funny imax movie in Emeryville.	9
Hi there, are there any nice movies I can watch?	9
I am looking for a movie to watch.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
What movies are currently playing at The Lot City Center, I am more interested in watching something like a regular show?	9
I could use some time off to spend watching a movie	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
Can you find me a funny movie to watch at AMC Bay Street?	9
It's been forever since I last went to the movies. I want to watch a comic movie at AMC Brentwood.	9
Find drama movies playing in San Francisco.	9
I'm bored. Can you find a movie for me to watch?	9
Can you see if you could find a movie for me?	9
I want to see a movie at AMC Deer Valley.	9
fantasy regular danville	9
I want to go watch a movie. What is playing right now?	9
I'd like to see a drama at century regency	9
I want to see a movie.	9
Can you help me find a movie to see?	9
Find me a Fantasy movie to see in San Fran.	9
I want help finding a movie to watch.	9
Please find me a movie to watch.	9
I'd like to look for a movie to watch. Could you look for movies in SF? I'd like to watch at the Roxie Theater and am fine with any sort of movie.	9
I want to find a Comic movie which I can watch.	9
I want to see a movie.	9
Find a movie that's playing?	9
Hi, are there any 3d movies I can watch at the Shattuck Cinemas located in Berkeley?	9
Please help me find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a thriller movie to watch.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch at Lark Theater?	9
Please help me find a movie to watch in Moraga. I prefer Suspense and regular show only.	9
I'd like to watch an imax movie at Regal Crow Canyon.	9
I need to find a movie.	9
Hello there. I've been meaning to watch a good movie. What's out there currently?	9
I need to find a movie.	9
I haven't seen a good movie in ages. Can you find one for me?	9
I'm looking for a movie at Balboa Theatre in San Fran. I enjoy fantasy movies.	9
I'd like to look for a film to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I am interested in finding a movie to watch.	9
I'm looking for a funny movie to see at Tiburon Playhouse, something in imax.	9
Please help me find a movie.	9
Find me a movie to see in Oakland.	9
I want to go to a movie.	9
Please can you find some movies to watch at Vogue Theatre in San Fran?	9
I want to find a movie.	9
I feel like I want to watch a movie, so I want to find one.	9
I want to watch a adventure movie.	9
I am in the mood of watching a movie, and I want it to be an imax show. Can you check for movies which are shown at Century Daly City in Daly City?	9
I want to go see a movie soon at a theater in San Jose. Can you find me any Comic movies being shown at CineLux Almaden theater?	9
Help me look for a movie.	9
I'd like to look for a film to watch.	9
I'm trying to find a fantasy movie to see at Brenden Vacaville.	9
I am looking for a movie to see.	9
I'm looking for a movie to see, and I'd prefer a Documentary movie. Can you see if there's one I'd like in Larkspur?	9
I'd like to see a 3d movie.	9
I am interested in finding a 3d movie show which I can watch, and I want the show to be in Santa Clara.	9
I am wanting to find a movie to watch.	9
I wish to search a film to watch	9
I want to look for something to watch. Are there any Drama movies playing at United Artists Stonestown Twin?	9
Hello, this week end I've some free time. I'm looking for some good movies to watch. Please do you have any suggestions?	9
I want to see a thriller movie. Is there a regular showing in Moraga?	9
I am interested in finding a movie to watch which is shown on imax. I would like to watch the movie at United Artists Stonestown Twin.	9
Find me a movie	9
I want to see a Documentary at Larkspur, help me find one.	9
Help me find a movie to watch	9
I am in a nice mood I think about to watch a movie now. Can you help me to find the one.	9
I'd like to look for a film to watch.	9
I'd like to go to a movie.	9
I want to see a movie at Shattuck cinemas.	9
I'm looking for a movie to see please.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I am looking for a war movie to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin. I'd prefer an Imax show.	9
I want to see a Romance move at Livermore Cinema.	9
I need to find something for me and my friend to do. Can you see if any regular Comedy movies are playing at Tiburon Playhouse?	9
I'm bored. Can you find me a movie?	9
Assistant. Please help me find an entertaining movie to watch.	9
Search for a movies please.	9
Can you tell me what imax Adventure films are playing in Emeryville.	9
I'd like to find a 3d Musical in Santa Clara.	9
Help me look for a movie to watch.	9
I'm searching for a movie	9
Please find me a rental in SFO.	12
I need a small rental for tomorrow.	12
I want to find a standard rental car for half past 9 in the morning.	12
I need to get a rental car for a bit. I want it from the 10th of this month to the 11th.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I would like to rent a car in SFO and pick it up at 11:00.	12
10th of this month 9:30 in the morning and sfo	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car I can pick up on the 5th in San Fran please.	12
I need a rental car in San Fran.	12
I need to find a car to rent.	12
Please search for a rental car that is available to the 8th of March at 10:30.	12
Hi there, could you get me a rental car for pick up at half past 7 in the evening and from use till the 7th of this month?	12
Will you find a rental car until the 8th?	12
Book me a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car between the 7th of march and the 10th of this month.	12
I need a rental car	12
I would like to rent a car next monday and return it Tuesday next week.	12
i need a rental car this afternoon 1:30.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I am interested in finding a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car. I want an intermediate car.	12
I would need a rental car in san francisco from march 7th to the 10th of this month.	12
I need some wheels until the 5th of March.	12
I'm going on a short trip soon and will be needing a car to use. Can you please find me any available rental cars I can use?	12
Hello. Can you find me an intermediate rental car available for pickup at 9:30 in the morning on the 4th?	12
I need a rental car for March 8th.	12
I need a car rental.	12
I am interested in renting a car. I want to pick up the car at two in the afternoon in SFO.	12
I want to rent a small car until the 7th of this month.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
Find me a car to rent.	12
I need to find a rental car for this Saturday in San Fran.	12
i am in need of a rental car.	12
Find a rental car in SFO to pick up 12 in the afternoon and return the 10th.	12
Can you locate a rental car I could get at afternoon 1:30 and keep until the 4th?	12
i need a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car for March 10th to March 12th in San Francisco.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
Hi, are there any cars available for rental on the 5th of this month?	12
Hello. I need a to use rental car from Saturday this week until Sunday this week.	12
i need a car until the 14th of march in the morning 11.	12
Can you get me a rental car in SF?	12
Can you find a rental car for me?	12
I need a rental car for the 3rd of March.	12
I'd like to find a roundtrip flight on the 3rd.	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
I need a hand because I need a round trip flight	5
Can you find me some round trip Economy flights to London, England?	5
I would like to find a round trip to Portland, Or for four people.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Can you check some round trip flights for me?	5
Could you look up round trip flights for me? I'd like to return on March 4th.	5
Can you find round trip flights for me? I am going to Paris, France and leaving on March 5th.	5
Search round trip flights for me please.	5
I want you to find me a round trip flight.	5
I need two tickets for a trip. Leavin the 4th of March and coming back the 9th.	5
I need flights for two people?	5
Can you help me find a round trip flight? I prefer to fly with Delta Airlines.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I'm looking to take a trip soon. Can you search for round trip flights for me?	5
I am looking for flights.	5
Can you find round trip flights?	5
I wanna be back tuesday next week	5
I'd like a round trip ticket to ATL on the 14th of this month	5
I am looking for a round trip flight to Los Angeles. I want to fly on American Airlines.	5
Could you please help me in finding a round trip flights?	5
Will you find Economy round trip flights departing on the 7th?	5
Hey, can you help me search for some round trip flights?	5
I'm looking for round trip flights.	5
Hi, could you reserve a round trip to Phoenix, AZ please?	5
I'm about to take a trip soon. Can you help me search for some round trip flights?	5
I need to find 1 economy round trip flight.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
I need to find round trip flights.	5
Could you look up round trip flights for my sake? I am departing next Wednesday from Vancouver, and I want Delta Airlines.	5
Hi, could you search for some Economy round trip flights for me?	5
Could you help me search for some round trip flights with Delta Airlines?	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trip flights?	5
I'm looking for round trip flights going to SFO.	5
Hi, could you help me find a round trip flight?	5
Can you find me a round trip flight via American Airlines for four people leaving on the 1st of March	5
Hello, I'm looking for a round-trip flight in Economy class and I'll be travelling on today?	5
can you look for some flights for me?	5
I need to round trip flight.	5
I want to look for round trip flights. I'm in a party of four that wants to get back on the 12th of march.	5
Can you find a flight from the 2nd of this month till March 10th with Southwest Airlines?	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trips economy flights for 2 please?	5
Can you find me a return flight from London?	5
I would like to find a round trip.	5
Find me round trip flight	5
Could you find round trip flights for the date 9th of this month and i like United Airlines.	5
I'd like to look for a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me round trip flights?	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
Help me to search a round trip flights	5
Please help me search a round trip flights in Economy.	5
I need you to look for round trip flights for me, can you?	5
Would you find round trip flights for me? I would like to leave from Atlanta to London and return on the 9th.	5
Can you help me in finding round trip flights? I prefer to travel by economy class.	5
Hello! Please can you check if round-trip is available in United Airlines for I've to leave on March 5th and my return will be on the 10th.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I would like to find a round trip.	5
I need a round trip flight in premium economy on United Airlines on the 10th of this month.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight to Atlanta on United Airlines on March 9th	5
Search round trip flights.	5
I need a round trip flight for the 5th of this month.	5
Would you search round trip flights for me?	5
I need a round trip flight for three people on the 12th of march.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Please help me find a round trip flights.	5
I need to fly an American Airlines economy flight to Los Angeles, is there anything available?	5
I'm not good in finding round trip flights so can you please do it for me?	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
I need to start a round trip travel and tickets must be 2 economy ones.	5
Can you help me find a round-trip flights to Sydney, NSW?	5
I need round trip flights departing Chi-town.	5
Find me round trip flights in Economy class.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
I would like to search round trip flights.	5
Hey! Please can you help me to find a round trip in any flight for I've a travel?	5
I need a round trip flight to Sydney later today please.	5
I'm leaving soon and I need a round trip flight.	5
Summer vacation is finally here and I would like to find a round trip flight for our family vacation.	5
I need to get a round trip flight.	5
I need a round trip flight out of San Diego with a return date of March 12th.	5
Can you find me a flight for one leaving from Washington?	5
I want to go for a trip to Chi-town and for which I need to search for round trip flights. Can you search for the one which is leaving from Phoenix, AZ? I would like to prefer Delta Airlines.	5
Can your find my round trip flights departing from Ciudad de Mexico?	5
I need to find round trip flights, leaving March 6th.	5
Can you assist me in looking for flights?	5
I am thinking of a flight trip in Economy class, are there any round trip flights?	5
I would like an economy round trip ticket leaving from Phoenix.	5
I need help finding an economy round trip flight?	5
I need to go on a short trip. Can you help me book round trip flights?	5
Would you look for round trip flights for me? I want to leave from Paris on economy.	5
I need round trip flights on Delta Airlines to Atlanta, GA with a return date of the 14th of this month.	5
I need to search for some round trip flights.	5
I want to find round trip flights leaving from NY for two people.	5
Hello! Robert here! Please can you search a flight with a round trip for I've a short business trip coming up shortly?	5
I will be visiting a friend and I need to find a round trip flight. Find something to San Fran on today. Make the return flight on the 13th of March.	5
Can you please find a round-trip flight for me?	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trips to San Francisco? I do not have a preference on the class type.	5
I would like to search for round trip flight on 6th of this month.	5
I'm leaving NY soon/ Can you find a round trip for three people?	5
I would lke to find a round trip flight.	5
Could you help me look for a round trip flight for my sake?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Hello, I'm looking for a round trip flights. Please can you find me one?	5
I am looking for an economy round trip flight from Atlanta, GA to San Fran.	5
I need a roundtrip flight please.	5
Would you search round trip flights for me?	5
I need to search for a round trip flight	5
I want to find round trip flights.	5
Can you find me a round trip airline tickets from Philadelphia. I will be returning next Friday.	5
Can you find a round trip flight for my upcoming trip?	5
I need to find 4 round trip tickets for a flight leaving Monday next week.	5
I'm going to be heading out of town soon. I need help searching for round trip flights. Assistant, can you help?	5
Can you find me some round trip flights?	5
I'm going on this trip with some friends and still need to finish planning for it. Can you book me round trip Premium Economy plane tickets on Southwest Airlines for four people?	5
Please help me find a round trip flights for 4 people.	5
I'm going on a vacation soon. Can you find me a round flight at Delta Airlines?	5
I need help looking for round trip flights.	5
I need a ticket on an airplane.	5
Can you get me a round trip plane ticket?	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trip flights?	5
Can you find me a round trip flight from Seattle?	5
Find round trip flights the 3rd of this month.	5
I need a round trip flight from Phoenix with Southwest Airlines.	5
Can you help me search for a round trip flight?	5
I'd like to find some round trip flights from Toronto, Canada. I need 3 tickets and prefer to fly on American Airlines.	5
find me round trip flight	5
I want to search for some nice events. Can you find me the dates of some of the events?	4
I want to find the dates for some nice events. Can you find me the one?	4
I would like to find an event.	4
Hello! I'm looking for some good events that happening in and around Berkeley. Do you have any idea of the event Chris Webby for I heard its a good one.	4
I want to find some events to attend in New York City please.	4
I want to search for dates of some nice events which should be an enjoyable one. Can you find the best one for me?	4
I'm intrigued about looking for dates for activities.	4
Hi, I need something fun to do. My friend said that the Mets Vs Yankees are good. Can you find me something in New York City?	4
I would like to find something to do in LAX, I've heard that Toe is good..	4
Hey can you help me find some dates to some events?	4
I want to know dates for events.	4
Hello! I wish to know if there is any upcoming events?	4
I would like to find dates for the Phillies vs Cubs event.	4
I wish to find dates for events. I want something in SD.	4
I need to finish making plans for my upcoming trip. Can you look up events for me?	4
Can you find out what day the Lafc Vs Rapids game in LA is?	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events in LA please?	4
I want to know the dates for some events. A cousin told me that Esscalation Music Festival should be fun. The event I am looking for should be in NY.	4
Hello! I'm looking for some good upcoming events and heard taht Usc Vs Oregon is a good one. Do you have any idea about this event?	4
I'm looking for event dates in Portland.	4
I would like to attend to an event, do you know any?	4
I want to find events.	4
Can you look for dates of events like Usc Vs Oregon, preferably in LA?	4
Can you find me a date for an event?	4
Hi, I'd like to find some dates for events.	4
Find me some interesting event dates.	4
I am looking for dates to an event in NYC, I was told Joe Hisaishi is pretty good.	4
Can you find me the dates of the event Owls Vs Bison taking place in Philadelphia?	4
Hi, could you help me find some interesting events to go to?	4
I want to find events to see.	4
I want to find some event dates.	4
I'm looking for something to do in NY.	4
I wish to find dates for events.	4
I'd like an event: Mariners Vs Blue Jays	4
Help me look for dates for events?	4
Hello! Nancy here! do you have any upcoming events?	4
Hi, I'd like to find some event dates.	4
Can you help me finding the dates for events?	4
Will you find events in Los Angeles?	4
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find out when some events are happening. I am looking for something in Livermore.	4
i am looking for something to do in sd	4
I'd like to see the sparks vs lynx in los angeles.	4
I'd like a fun event and heard the rams vs cardinals game in la is fun.	4
Hey there, I'm looking for something fun to do in Seattle, WA. I heard that games between the Mariners Vs White Sox are pretty fun.	4
I want to find dates for events. Can you look in Anaheim, CA. The Angels Vs Tigers is supposed to be really good.	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I wish to find dates for events.	4
Will you please check whether Padres Vs Diamondbacks is taking place in SD?	4
I'm looking for event dates.	4
Find me some event dates.	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events please?	4
I'm looking for some events in NY.	4
Can you please find me some event dates.	4
I am looking for interesting events.	4
I'd like to find an event like Huskies Vs Cougars.	4
I want to search for some nice events. Can you search for the one with convenient dates?	4
I want to know dates for events.	4
I want to know dates about an event. Some friends of mine told me that Outlaw Music Festival is really fun. The event I am looking for should be in NY.	4
I want to find some stuff to do.	4
Look for event dates please.	4
i am looking for an event amber run brooklyn in ny	4
Help look for dates for events.	4
Can you look for dates for events in Seattle, WA. I've been told Mariners Vs Tigers is worth going to.	4
I am looking for event dates in Philly. I heard that Girl in Red is good.	4
I want to find an event to go to. Something in Rohnert Park, maybe like Aaron Lewis.	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events to participate in?	4
I want to search for the dates of some nice events like Nicole Belanus Washington and can you help me to find it in DC?	4
Can you tell me if Smokey Robinson will be appearing in Vancouver, BC anytime soon?	4
I need to search for event dates and i came to know that Usc Vs Oregon is good	4
I'd like to find some event dates please.	4
I want event dates	4
Can you find me dates for Seahawks Vs Cardinals in Seattle?	4
I am looking for an event called blueface in philly	4
Hi, are there any interesting events I can take part in?	4
I would like to find dates for events.	4
Find me event dates.	4
I would like to find some dates for different events.	4
I like to search dates for events.	4
I am interested in finding dates for events, especially Girl In Red. I heard it was really good.	4
I want something in philly	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events I can participate in?	4
i am looking for some events in the future	4
My request for you today is to find me some events I may like.	4
Find me event dates.	4
Hi, I'd like to find some event dates.	4
I am looking for dates for events in LA. Is there anything for Rams Vs Cardinals?	4
I'm going to LAX soon, can you find me the dates for some events?	4
I need some information about events.	4
I like to find dates for event some thing around in philadelphia. Some one told that Owls Vs Huskies is a very good event.	4
Can you find me dates for events?	4
I am looking for an event in LAX. Can you tell me anything about Usc Vs Utah?	4
Can you find me Hozier tickets in portland.	4
Hey, can you help me book some tickets to see The Drums in Phoenix?	4
Hey, is ZZ Top playing in Vancouver, BC?	4
I would like to find dates for an event in SD.	4
I'm looking for some events in Philly.	4
Hey, help me find the dates to some events.	4
Hi there, could you help me search for tickets to the Sparks Vs Mystics game please?	4
Find me date events.	4
Murder city devils are good	4
I want to find things to do.	4
I would like to have some fun at an event, somebody told me about mariners vs tigers	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested in finding dates for the events, I Like Huskies vs Cougars event and i am looking event around in Seattle, WA.	4
I can't tell you how much time you have helped me save. Can we do it again now and find a some fun happenings coming up, please?	4
I have heard tuxedo is good and I want something in Philadelphia	4
Can you find me the dates for the events?	4
I'm trying to make some plans. Assistant, can you find me dates for events?	4
Can you help me in finding the dates for events?	4
I'm looking for something to go to.	4
Help me look for dates for events around LAX.	4
I am interested in finding the dates for an event in Philadelphia. I heard that Phillies Vs Padres is really good.	4
I want other events	4
find some dates	4
Hello! I'm looking for any upcoming events in Philadelphia. Is there anything?	4
I'd like to find a date to see Guided By Voices. Can you help?	4
I want to see owls vs yellow jackets in Philly.	4
I want you asistance to find event dates.	4
I would like to find some Philadelphia events please.	4
Find event dates.	4
Hi there, are there any interesting events I can participate in?	4
Hi there, are there any interesting events which I can participate in?	4
Find me some event dates.	4
Find me some dates for events please.	4
I'd like to see the Giants Vs Phillies. Can you help me find some dates?	4
I feel like I have a touch of cabin fever and need to get out and do something. Can you help me find something to do in Seattle, WA. Perhaps the Seattle Vs La Angels game.	4
Hi there, could you help me search for events by Yunger in the Sacramento area?	4
I'm looking for something to do in Chicago. Is there a Cubs Vs Brewers game going on?	4
Im looking dates for events. Giants Vs Dodgers is really nice	4
I want to find some District of Columbia events please.	4
Can you check on dates for some events?	4
I am searching for dates for events in Vancouver, BC.	4
I need to find round trip flights.	5
Hi, I need a help, I am planning for a trip, Could you find me round trip flights for me?	5
I need help finding round trip flights.	5
I am looking for a round trip flight returning on the 9th of March.	5
I would need a round trip flight to ATL. I want an economy ticket and will be returning on march 8th.	5
Please find a round trip flights for me.	5
Could you look up round trip flights for my sake?	5
Can you help me find return flights for my trip?	5
I'd like some help finding round trip flights.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight for the 10th of this month?	5
I'm looking for some round trip flights.	5
I need to find some roundtrip flights.	5
Hello! I'm looking for 4 tickets in a round-trip flight. please can you help me to reserve the ticket?	5
I would like to find a round trip flight.	5
I need to go visit my family on short notice. Can you find a round trip flight for me that leaves on the 3rd and returns Thursday next week?	5
I am planning a last minute trip and need to find a round trip flight.	5
Would you find round trip flights for me? I will leave tomorrow and get back on the 14th from Phoenix.	5
can you find me a round trip flight	5
I need you to find me a round trip flight.	5
Please find me a round trip flight.	5
I'm planning on going on a trip soon, can you help me find some round trip flights?	5
Could you help me find a round trip flight?	5
Could you help me in finding a round trip?	5
search round trips	5
Hi, could you help me search for some round trip flights please?	5
Could you look up round trip flights for my sake? I'm headed to NY.	5
Would you look for round trip flights leaving on Friday next week? I like Delta Airlines the best.	5
Would you look for round trip flights for me?	5
Could you find me round trip flights?	5
I'd like a round trip flight where I get back on the 3rd.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight? I'm going somewhere soon.	5
There are two people in my group and would you look for round trip flights for me?	5
Can you find a round trip flight for my upcoming travel?	5
Could you please find round trip flights?	5
I need to look for flights.	5
I'd like to find round trip flights.	5
I need a round trip flight that would be returning on March 14th.	5
Search round trip flights from Atlanta.	5
I need to find round trip flights on Delta Airlines from Nairobi on March 9th.	5
I'm going on vacation. Can you find me a nice round trip flight?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I want you to find me a round trip flight.	5
Shall I get a round trip flight from Seattle?	5
I'd like to look at some round trip flight tickets.	5
I need a round trip planet ticket.	5
Can you help me find a round flights for me?	5
I would like to find a round-trip flight.	5
Hello! Can you help me find a round trip flight for two to Atlanta, GA?	5
I need to travel soon. Search a round trip flight from American Airlines?	5
I'm looking for 1 seat on a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight from Philadelphia	5
united airlines chicago economy please	5
I will be travelling soon with some friend soon. Can you find some round trip flights?	5
Find a round trip flight from NYC.	5
Can you help me search for some round trip flights?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I need a round trip for my travel. I will be leaving Philadelphia and there are 3 of us in all.	5
I will be traveling with a friend soon. Can you find flights on the 6th to London, UK.	5
I need to find round trip tickets for next Wednesday.	5
I will be needing round trip flights for my travel soon.	5
I need a round trip ticket for the 9th of this month on Economy.	5
I need a round trip flight on Delta Airlines, if possible. I'll need to treturn on the 14th of this month.	5
Could you find me a roundtrip flight? I want to leave from the 11th of this month and return march 13th, and I prefer delta airlines.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I want to search for round trip flight.	5
I am going to atlanta	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
I need to find a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
I need you to find me round trip flights.	5
I'm looking for a round trip flight.	5
I need a round trip flights in economy.	5
Will you find round trip flights to Portland, OR?	5
Please help me find a round trip flights.	5
Find me round economy round trip flights to Portland, OR.	5
Can you help me find a round trip flight?	5
I need to find round trip flights, can you help me.	5
Can you find a round trip flight for me?	5
I'm looking for a round trip plane ticket on Tuesday next week for two people going to San Fran.	5
I need a round trip flight on United Airlines leaving the 10th of March returning the 14th of March.	5
Find me a round trip flight	5
Would you find round trip flights for me?	5
Hello. Can you find me a round trip flight?	5
Can you help me find flights for my trip?	5
I need help looking for round trip flights. I would like a Southwest Airlines flight that leaves on March 9th for 2 people.	5
Hi, I need a round trip flight.	5
I will be traveling soon to visit a friend. Is there any economy class flight going to SD from San Fran?	5
Can you look up round trip flights for me?	5
I need round trip flights.	5
I'm trying to find a round trip economy flight.	5
I'd like a round trip flight.	5
search round trips	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
I need help looking for round trip flights.	5
I would like to find a round trip leaving on March 10th and returning on the 12th of march.	5
Hi, could you help me book some round trip flights please?	5
I will be traveling with some friends. Can you find available round trip flights?	5
I need to find round trip flights.	5
I'd like you to search round trip flights for me.	5
I'll be traveling for work soon. Could you help me find round trip flights?	5
I need help finding roundtrip flights please.	5
I'd like to find a roundtrip flight to San Francisco.	5
Find a round trip flights on any airline to ATL.	5
Will you find a round trip flight?	5
Search round trip flights.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights on the 10th.	5
Could you look for a round trip flight for my sake?	5
I need a round trip flight.	5
Can you find me some round trip flights on the 1st of March?	5
Find me a round trip flight.	5
I am looking to search round trip flights on March 10th and any class would be fine.	5
I need to search for some round trip flights	5
Will you find round trip flights?	5
can you look for some roundtrip flights for me?	5
I want to find a round trip flight returning on the 14th please	5
Would you find me round trip flights for the 9th of this month and returning on the 12th?	5
I'd like to take an overseas trip during my vacation. Please help me find round trip flights.	5
Could you look up round trip flights for me? Id like to return on next Monday, and I prefer to travel in premium economy.	5
I need you to find round trip flights for 2 people.	5
I need to find a roundtrip flight please.	5
Can you look for some round trip flights for me? I would like to fly Delta Airlines in economy.	5
I need a round trip flight to LAX on Delta Airlines.	5
I would like to find a salon.	15
I'd like to look for a salon in San Jose; specifically, a unisex one.	15
Find salons.	15
Look up salons in San Francisco.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Can you find me a salon?	15
Can you help me find a unisex salon in San Jose?	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
Hi! Could you help me search for a salon located in the San Fran area please?	15
Can you please find me a salon in San Ramon?	15
Can you find a unisex salon for me?	15
I need to find a salon. Can you find me one that's unisex in Concord?	15
I need to find a unisex salon.	15
I need a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I need to find a salon to get my hair done. Fine one in Palo Alto.	15
I need a unisex salon in SFO.	15
can you find me a salon in walnut creek?	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon, please.	15
I need a salon.	15
I really need to get a hair cut. Can you find a salon for me in San Fran?	15
Can you help me find somewhere to get my hair done?	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Sonoma.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in San Leandro.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
My hair is already messy, please find a salon in San Francisco.	15
I need to have some beauty time for myself, so I want to find a salon.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon in SF.	15
Can you please find me a salon in SF?	15
Can you find a salon for me in SF.	15
I'd like to find a salon, can you help me out?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I need help looking for salon?	15
I need a salon. My hair is in a mess.	15
I need help finding a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I am looking for a salon in SFO.	15
I'm looking for a salon. I need to get my hair cut.	15
I need a new salon. Can you find me a unisex salon in the area?	15
Hey can you help me find a salon in San Francisco?	15
Can you find a salon for me?	15
Look for a salon.	15
Find me a salon.	15
I need to find a salon soon. What options are there?	15
How about getting me a salon?	15
I need to get a haircut soon. Can you find a unisex salon in Oakland?	15
I need to find a salon in SFO	15
I am getting a haircut. So find me a unisex Salon in Santa Rosa.	15
Can you please find me a salon?	15
I'd like to find a salon for a perm.	15
I need to get a haircut. What good salons are there?	15
i am looking for a salon	15
Can you find me salon in San Francisco?	15
I like to search a salon in Oakland.	15
Hi, could you help me find a unisex salon located in the Petaluma area please?	15
My old hairdresser just died. Can you find me a nice salon?	15
Find me a salon in Berkeley.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Find me a unisex salon in San Fran.	15
Find me a salon in Mountain View.	15
I would like to find a salon for my hair.	15
Find salons in Campbell.	15
My hair is starting to get a bit unkempt. Can you look up a salon for me to get my hair done?	15
I am interested in finding a salon.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a unisex salon in SFO please?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Can you find me a salon in Los Gatos, preferably a unisex salon?	15
I want to visit a salon! Make it in Fremont!	15
I need to find a salon in Livermore.	15
Can you find me somewhere to get my hair done?	15
I need a salon in Berkeley.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon, please?	15
Find unisex salons in San Jose.	15
Can you find me a salon to go to?	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
Can you help me find an unisex salon in Santa Rosa?	15
I need to find a unisex salon in Santa clara.	15
I want to find a salon in San Jose.	15
I'd like to look for a salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I am desperate to find a Salon!	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
Find me a salon in Oakland.	15
Search salons.	15
Find a unisex salon in San Francisco.	15
Help me look for a salon in San Fran.	15
I'm looking for a salon please.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Find a salon in San Jose.	15
Find me a salon.	15
I want to find a unisex salon in Santa Rosa.	15
I am in need of a Salon, can you assist me?	15
i am looking for a salon	15
Help me find a salon.	15
I am interested in going to a hair for my hair.	15
I want to find a new salon.	15
I need to look for a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Campbell.	15
Find a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I need to find a salon in San Francisco.	15
I am looking for a unisex salong in san jose	15
Hi there, are there any salons which I can cut my hair at?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Can you help me find a unisex salon in Vacaville?	15
Its time to visit a salon, please suggest me a good one.	15
i am looking for a unisex salon	15
Hi, could you help me search for a salon please? Would like to cut my hair.	15
I want to fancy myself up. Can you find a salon?	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon.	15
I need to get a hair cut soon, are there any good salons available?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I need to find a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I need to find a unisex salon.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I need a haircut! Find a salon in San Francisco.	15
Can you get me a unisex barber please?	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I want to locate a salon, specifically a unisex one.	15
Oh gosh, I just got gum in my hair and have to get a salon that is unisex, help please.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like to find a salon in Sonoma.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I am looking for a unisex salon in SFO.	15
My hair is a mess. I need a salon.	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon in Petaluma.	15
Help me look for a unisex salon.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a salon please?	15
I need help finding a unisex salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like a unisex salon.	15
I'd like a unisex salon in oakland.	15
I am looking for a salon in Corte Madera. I would like it to be unisex.	15
I am looking for a salon in SFO.	15
I'd like to look for a salon.	15
i am looking for a salon in san francisco	15
Can you find a salon for me?	15
I am attending a Masquerade party. I don't know any salon at San Jose. Can you help me find one? A unisex, please.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
Hi, are there any nice salons I can visit?	15
I need a salon in Palo Alto.	15
Can you find a salon for me in SF?	15
Can you help me look for a salon?	15
I like to find a salon.	15
I want a salon in walnut creek	15
I am interested in finding a salon in Redwood City, and I want the salon to be an unisex one.	15
Could you help me find a unisex salon?	15
My hair is getting a bit wild, can you help me find a salon?	15
I need to get my hair done soon. Please find a unisex salon in SFO.	15
Can you find me a good salon in Union City?	15
Find me a salon in Pleasanton.	15
I need to go to a salon.	15
I am looking for a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in San Jose.	15
I haven't had my hair done in a while. Can you find a salon for me in San Jose?	15
Find me a unisex salon in Fremont.	15
I need a unisex salon in SFO.	15
i am looking for a salon in san jose	15
I need to find a unisex salon in south san francisco.	15
I want to find a salon, a unisex one should be good	15
Hello! I've to trim my hair and looking for a good Salon in Mountain View, probably a unisex salon. Please can you help me to find one?	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I am in desperate need of a salon.	15
Can you locate a salon for me?	15
I'm in dire need of a haircut! Can you find a unisex salon for me nearby?	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
Hello, are there any unisex salons which I can visit?	15
I need help finding a salon please.	15
I want a salon	15
I want an appointment to a unisex salon in Benicia.	15
I need to find a salon which is unisex.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a salon please?	15
Search salons.	15
Please help me find a salon in Livermore.	15
Can you help me find a salon in Palo Alto? I need to change my hair style.	15
I need to get my hair done! Can you help me find somewhere?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I like search a salon around Santa Clara.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a salon in Cupertino where I can do my hair?	15
I want a salon	15
I need to get my hair done soon. Find a salon, please.	15
I need to find a Salon ASAP.	15
I need to get my hair done asap. Can you find a nice salon for me?	15
I like to search a salon.	15
Will you find a salon?	15
Hi! Can you help me find a salon in SFO?	15
Can you find a unisex salon in Alameda, please?	15
I would like to find a unisex salon in Orinda.	15
I want to change my Hairstyle now and I need your help to find one best Salon for me.	15
Will you find a salon?	15
I am interested in finding a salon.	15
I need to get may hair cut. Find me a place in Palo Alto.	15
Find me a unisex salon in Santa Clara.	15
Find me a salon.	15
I want a salon	15
I am in need of finding a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon.	15
I need to find a unisex salon in Pleasant Hill.	15
I want to find a unisex salon.	15
I need a good hair cut, can you find a unisex salon in Oakland please?	15
I need to search for a salon	15
Hello, Please can you help me to find a salon?	15
i am looking for a salon	15
I am searching for a salon.	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in San Carlos.	15
i am looking for a salon in sf	15
I will need to get my hair done soon. Please find a unisex salon in Oakland.	15
Hello, could you help me search for a salon in the SFO area please?	15
I want to find a salon in San Fran.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I need a salone	15
I need to find a salon.	15
Hey! I wish to trim my hair. Please can you find a good rating salon in Burlingame.	15
Will you find a unisex salon in Menlo Park?	15
san francisco unisex	15
I need a salon.	15
Find me a salon.	15
I wan to change my hair style now and for which I need your help to find a Salon in SFO.	15
I am looking for a unisex salon at Mountain View.	15
I want to find a salon in SF, unisex preferable	15
I'd like to look for a salon in San Jose.	15
I would like to find an Oakland salon.	15
Find a salon please.	15
Find me a salon	15
I am looking for a salon.	15
i am looking for a salon in burlingame	15
I need to find a salon.	15
Hello, I'm looking for a salon. Is there anything nearby?	15
Can you find me a salon in Palo Alto?	15
i am looking for a salon	15
Hello, could you help me search for a salon please?	15
Find a salon in San Francisco.	15
I need a unisex salon in SF.	15
I'd like to look for a salon located in Los Gatos.	15
I want to find a salon in Corte Madera. I want to find a unisex salon.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
Hi there, are there any nice salons I can visit to do my hair?	15
Find me a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon in San Leandro, and I'd like it to be a unisex salon.	15
I need a salon.	15
Help me find a unisex salon in San Jose	15
I want to find a salon in SFO.	15
Can you help me find some salons? I need to get my hair done soon.	15
I need a salon.	15
I'd like a salon	15
So let's find a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I want to re invent my look so I need to go to a salon, the area is rohnert park	15
Hi, could you help me search for a salon where I can do my hair?	15
Hi, i need a help, i am looking for a salon, for me, i want a unisex salon, Could you find it for me?	15
Find me an unisex salon	15
I'm looking for a unisex salon in Pinole.	15
I'm trying to find a unisex salon located in Pleasanton.	15
Help me find a salon?	15
I need to find a salon to fix my hair.	15
Will you find a salon in Sunnyvale?	15
I need to find a salon in berkeley.	15
Find a salon.	15
Hello! John, here! Please can you help to find a salon?	15
I really need a new hairstyle! Please find me a unisex salon.	15
I want to find a unisex salon.	15
Can you assist me in sourcing a salon?	15
I wish to search for a salon.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon, please.	15
I need a salon.	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon.	15
Please find me a salon.	15
I am attending an event. Can you help me find a salon?	15
Can you find me a unisex salon in Pinole?	15
Would you look for a salon for me?	15
I want to find a salon in SF please	15
Can you help me find a good unisex salon?	15
I'd to make an appointment at a salon.	15
can you find me a salon in san francisco?	15
Can you find me a unisex salon in Berkeley?	15
Find me a unisex salon.	15
I need a unisex salon.	15
I am interested in finding a salon.	15
Help me look for a salon.	15
i didn't go for a salon for the past few days. Find a salon near by?	15
In need to find a salon in Mill Valley.	15
Can you find a salon for me? I'm tired of this same style and want something new!	15
I would like to find tickets for an event.	4
I want to buy three tickets for the Lights events.	4
I need to reserve event tickets please.	4
I need to reserve event tickets please.	4
I want to book tickets for an event.	4
I would like to reserve 2 tickets for an event on the 12th. Specifically, I'm interested in Phillies vs Pirates.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I would like to reserve 4 tickets for Tash Sultana on the 1st.	4
I would like to reserve 2 tickets to an event on Tuesday next week.	4
I would like to reserve some tickets to an event.	4
I need help reserving a ticket for an event, can you help me?	4
Could you find me an event? i'd like a reservation for three.	4
I will need to make some reservations for later today, for the for Jordan Rakei show in LA.	4
i am looking for a ticket to an event	4
I wish to book tickets to an event.	4
I'm really looking forward to an upcoming game. Can you book me 2 tickets for the United vs United match on the 5th of this month?	4
Hello! I'd like to purchase 3 tickets to the Yankees Vs Indians game.	4
I need to reserve event tickets.	4
I need to reserve tickets to a show.	4
I need event tickets please.	4
I want 2 tickets for the Laura Osnes event on March 8th	4
I want to reserve tickets to a game.	4
Make me an event booking.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to the event called Girl In Red happening in Philadelphia on the 5th of March.	4
I need to find event tickets please.	4
I would like to make your event reservations.	4
Can you help me book 3 tickets to the Shakey Graves event in London, England please?	4
I need to reserve tickets for an upcoming event please.	4
I want to book tickets for an event.	4
I'm going to need some tickets for an event.	4
Please help me reserve event tickets.	4
I am looking for an event in LAX	4
I would like a ticket for an event on the 4th	4
I would like to buy some tickets to an event.	4
Can you please help me reserve 1 ticket for Blackbear on the 2nd?	4
I need four tickets to an event in NY. Can you help?	4
I would like 2 tickets for United Vs Red Bulls in Atlanta, GA.	4
I would like tickets to an event in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I want tickets for event Greensky Bluegrass.I want to be tomorrow around Phoenix .	4
I would like to reserve tickets to a Panthers vs Mountaineers game on the 8th of this month for three.	4
I need to some tickets for Gorgasm on next Tuesday. It is taking place in Atlanta.	4
Will you reserve 2 tickets to an event next Thursday?	4
I like to book tickets for an event.	4
I am looking for event tickets.	4
Hi I would like to reserve two tickets for the Nycfc Vs United event on March 2nd.	4
I want to find tickets to Madonna Brooklyn.	4
I am planning to go for a event along with my friend. I want to reserve tickets to event on 9th of March.	4
I am planning to go to Yellow Jackets Vs Hokies event. So book me tickets.	4
I'm looking to reserve event tickets	4
I want to buy tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to get tickets for an event, please.	4
I wish to book a ticket to the event Padres Vs Diamondbacks on 1st of this month.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for an event.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to the Sounders vs Timbers game in Seattle, WA.	4
I'd like to buy tickets for an event.	4
Get me the tickets for the Phillies Vs White sox game	4
Anything happening around LA? Get me some tickets to something.	4
Philly is playing. Phillies Vs Pirates, I think. Can you score me four tiks?	4
i am looking for a event ticket	4
I'd like to purchase tickets to an event.	4
I would like to find an event in New York an reserve 4 tickets.	4
I'd like to get some tickets to The Cinematic Orchestra near ATL.	4
Let's reserve tickets to the show Girl In Red playing in Philadelphia please.	4
I would like to reserve a ticket for an event.	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event?	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event. I want something on Saturday this week around LAX.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I am going to need some tickets to an event on March 11th please.	4
Can you find me tickets to the event Jojo Siwa happening around NY on this Sunday?	4
I'd like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I need event tickets.	4
I want to buy tickets for event called Dodgers Vs Giants.Around LAX will be great.	4
i am looking for an event ticket	4
I'd like to reserve 3 tickets to an event.	4
I need to reserve event tickets please.	4
I need a reservation for an event in the Seattle, WA area.	4
I would like to book some event tickets	4
I would like to reserve an event on today	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
Find me an event in Toronto on March 12th.	4
Hey, could you please find me a doctor?	15
I'm looking for a doctor, a gynecologist.	15
Hi there, could you help me find a doctor please?	15
Find a doctor in Novato.	15
I need a gynecologist in Daly City please.	15
Hey, could you find me a general practitioner?	15
I would like to see an ENT specialist in SFO.	15
I'd like to find a doctor in Pleasanton.	15
I would like to see a doctor.	15
Hey, could you help me find a doctor in SF?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need a general practitioner in pleasanton	15
I just moved to Fairfield and need to find a new General Practitioner.	15
Hello! I'm searching for a good doctor for consultation in Hayward. Please can you help me to find the right one?	15
Find me a General Practitioner.	15
Can you please find me a good Dermatologist in Hercules?	15
i need to go see a doctor	15
I'd like to find a General Practitioner in San Jose.	15
I want to find a dermatologist.	15
I need to find a Gynecologist in Antioch	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
My health needs a bit of checking. I want to find a doctor.	15
I need a doctor in Mountain View.	15
It's been so long since I got a check up at the doctor. Can you find me one in San Fran?	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to get a check up soon. Can you find a doctor for me?	15
Can you find a doctor to check a few things going on with me?	15
I am search for a Gynecologist in Dublin. I need your help to do the same.	15
In need to locate a doc in SF.	15
i want to see a doctor	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Hello! I'm not feeling well. Please can you find some good doctor for consulting?	15
I need a doctor.	15
i am looking for a general practitioner in burlingame	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I would like to see an ENT specialist in los altos.	15
Hello, I really need a checkup. Can you find an ENT specialist in Fremont for me?	15
I'd like to find a General Practitioner in Walnut Creek.	15
Can you find me a doctor?	15
Hi, could you help to search for a General Practitioner in Fremont please?	15
Please help me find a doctor.	15
I'm increasingly seeing double at times and itching a lot. Do you have the name of a doctor I can go see?	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I want a general practitioner in palo alto	15
I need to find a doctor in San Fran.	15
Find me a Gynecologist.	15
I need a new doctor.	15
Hi, i need a help, i am looking or a doctor in Los Gatos	15
Can you help me find a dermatologist in SFO?	15
I am sick and need to see a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor. An Ophthalmologist in Antioch.	15
I am searching for a physician.	15
I'm overdue for a few doctors visits. Can you help me find a gynecologist in San Jose?	15
I would like to find a doctor, and particularly a General Practitioner.	15
I am in desperate need of a doctor.	15
Find doctors.	15
I need to get a doctor?	15
I would like to see a doctor.	15
I need to find an ENT specialist.	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
Hi, could you search for a General Practitioner for me please?	15
Hi, are there any doctors which I can visit?	15
Hi, could you help me locate a General Practitioner in Burlingame please?	15
I need a general practitioner doctor in SFO.	15
I need to catch up on some of my doctor's appointments. Can you find one for me?	15
I should see a physician.	15
I want a doctor	15
I need a general practitioner in Milpitas.	15
i need a doctor.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
Can you find me a doctor in SFO?	15
I want to see a General Practitioner. Check in Petaluma please.	15
Find a general practitioner in Santa Rosa.	15
I need a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
I have this tingling in my skin that may be an allergic reaction. Can you suggest a doctor I can go see for that?	15
I need to see a doctor. Can you find me one nearby?	15
Find me a Gynecologist in San Jose.	15
i need a doctor.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
I will need to get a checkup soon. Find a doctor in Milpitas.	15
I want to see a Dermatologist in San Fran.	15
I need a doctor.	15
Hi! Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Find a general practitioner in San Jose.	15
I need to find a dermatologist.	15
I would like a doctor.	15
Find doctors.	15
I need help finding a doctor.	15
i need a doctor.	15
I'm overdue for all my doctors' visits. Can you help me look one up?	15
I need to find a doctor please.	15
I need to go for a health check up. Find me a doctor please.	15
I have a few health concerns I better get checked out. I'd like to find a doctor.	15
I would like to see a general practitioner.	15
I need to search for a doctor	15
I need a doctor.	15
I would like to see a dermatologist. I am having these breakouts.	15
I want to find a doctor. I need a dermatologist.	15
i need a general practitioner in fremont.	15
Hello! I'm searching for a good doctor for consultation. Please can you find someone who is good in treatment?	15
I am sick and I nee to find a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor in Daly City.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Hi! Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need to look for a doctor.	15
I am searching for a physician.	15
I would like to find a doctor in Milpitas.	15
I need you to find a doctor in Antioch please.	15
Find an ophthalmologist in SFO.	15
I am search for a Doctor. I want to check my health and I need to find a General Practitioner in Palo Alto. Can you help me find someone there.	15
Find me a General Practitioner.	15
Find a general practitioner in Santa Rosa.	15
I would like to find a gynecologist in Fairfield.	15
i need to see a doctor	15
I'm a little worried about my health. Can you find a doctor for me?	15
I am looking for a general practitioner in Los Altos.	15
I need an Ophthalmologist in San Jose area. Look for a doctor there. I need treatment.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I want to find a general practitioner.	15
I need a Gynecologist please.	15
Can you help me find a doctor in Los Altos?	15
I am feeling sick. I want to see a doctor.	15
I'm looking for a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
Find a doctor.	15
I need to get me a doctor. I am changing my old one.	15
Hey, can you find me a general practitioner?	15
I am searching for a physician; specifically, a Gynecologist from San Mateo.	15
Hi. Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Find me a Gynecologist in Los Gatos.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a doctor in Pleasanton please?	15
I'm going to need to see a doctor. Can you help me find one?	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Hello! Please can you help me to find a good medical Practitioner?	15
My doctor just retired and I need to find a new one.	15
Can you help me find a Gynecologist in Campbell?	15
I am feeling unwell. I need to find a general practitioner in menlo park.	15
I need my skin checked out. Can you find me a dermatologist in Oakland?	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need to find a new Ophthalmologist in San Ramon since mine retired.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
Can you find me a quality doctor in San Fran?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need a Doc.	15
i am looking for a ophthalmologist in pleasanton	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor, a General Practitioner. I'd like to find one in Oakland.	15
I need a doctor.	15
Can you find me General Practitioner in San Jose?	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Find me a Dermatologist in San Fran.	15
I need to find an ophthalmologist please.	15
I need to see an Ophthalmologist. Someone in Los Altos.	15
I haven't been feeling to well lately. Can you help me find a good doctor?	15
Hi! Can you help me find a doctor in San Jose?	15
I need to search for a doctor near me.	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I've switched insurances and need to find a new doctor that's in my network.	15
I don't feel well. Please find me a doctor in Petaluma.	15
find something in sfo for a general practitioner	15
I'm searching for a doctor; specifically, a General Practitioner.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a doctor to visit please?	15
I want a doctor in San Jose. I need a gynecologist.	15
Can you find me a General Practitioner doctor in Napa?	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I need to get checked. Please find a doctor.	15
find me an ophthalmologist in San Mateo	15
Can you find me a General Practitioner in Los Gatos?	15
I need to find a doctor in Antioch, and for it to be a General Practitioner.	15
Help me search for a doctor.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a Gynecologist in the SF area?	15
I am not feeling well. Help me find a doctor.	15
I'd like to find a doctor in Santa Rosa.	15
Hello! Please can you find me some good medical practitioner in San Fran.	15
I am not well and I need to find a doctor in San Jose.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a Gynecologist please?	15
I am unwell and I need a doctor.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
There is a need for the service of a doctor. Can you help me?	15
can you find me an ophthalmologist in fairfield?	15
I need a check up. Can you find a doctor in Mill Valley for me?	15
im looking for a doctor in san mateo	15
I'd like to find a gynecologist in mountain view	15
I need my skin checked out. Can you find me a dermatologist?	15
I am searching for a doctor in SF.	15
I need to find a doctor. I need a Gynecologist in Fremont.	15
I'm Looking for a Doctor that's a dermatologist	15
I'm looking for a doctor	15
I want to check my Health now and for which I need to search for a Doctor. Can you help me to find some one for me?	15
I am looking for a doctor in dublin	15
I need to look out for a General Practitioner doctor in Menlo Park, help me	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need to find a new doctor.	15
Can you find me a doctor in Concord?	15
I am unwell and I need a doctor.	15
Find a general practitioner.	15
Hello! Please can you suggest a good Gynecologist in Petaluma?	15
I need a doctor in SFO.	15
Hello, James here! Please can you find some good doctor at Fairfield?	15
Is there a doctor I can see in Lafayette?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need help finding a doctor please.	15
I want a doctor	15
I'm looking for a doctor in SFO	15
Hey, I need help finding a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need a Gynecologist in San Francisco, please	15
Hi, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
I want to find a doctor, specifically a General Practitioner.	15
Can you find me a General Practitioner in Oakland?	15
I need to find a doctor please.	15
Get me a Livermore doctor please.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you find me an ophthalmologist in Menlo Park?	15
I need a good physician.	15
I am looking for a doctor in Santa Rosa.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
i am looking for a dermatologist in danville	15
I'm looking for a General Practitioner	15
Hi, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
I need to find a General Practitioner in Castro Valley.	15
I need to find a general practitioner in San ramon.	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
Hi there, could you help me find a Gynecologist located in the San Jose area/	15
Hello! I'm looking for a good medical practitioner for consultation. Please can you suggest one?	15
I don't feel well. Please help me find a doctor.	15
I need to find a new General Practitioner as mine just changed practices and no longer accepts my insurance.	15
I sprained my ankle really badly and I'm wondering if I might have chipped a bone or something. Would you find me doctor so I can get this checked out, please?	15
I've been feeling a bit sick. Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Hi, I need help finding a doctor.	15
Hi there, could you assist me in finding a doctor please?	15
I need some help looking for a doctor.	15
i am searching for a doctor	15
I am looking for a dermatologist in Lafayette.	15
I need help finding a doctor that's a General Practitioner.	15
I'm recently new to town and need help finding a doctor in San Fran.	15
Can you find me a good Doctor in Los Altos?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need help finding a doctor, specifically a General Practitioner in SF.	15
I need help finding a doctor.	15
I need to see a gynecologist.	15
Can you help me find a doctor in St. Helena?	15
I'm looking for an ophthalmologist.	15
Find me a General Practitioner in Sebastopol.	15
I am in need of finding a doctor in Gilroy. More specifically I am looking for a General Practitioner.	15
I want to find a doctor. I'm looking for a dermatologist in Hercules.	15
Hello, I need to find a gynecologist in Mountain View.	15
I need a doctor.	15
I want to find a doctor in San Jose. I'm looking for a general practitioner.	15
I would like to find an ophthalmologist in San Francisco.	15
Please help me find a doctor.	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
My sister isn't well. Please help me find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find an ENT specialist in San Jose?	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I am looking for a doctor in Mill Valley. I need a dermatologist.	15
I am searching for an Ophthalmologist	15
I need a doctor	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
My child is suffering from a severe stomach ache for the last two days. Can you suggest me a suitable doctor?	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I need to kook for a doctor	15
I need a general practitioner in Pleasanton.	15
Hello! I'm not feeling well. Am looking for a doctor, who is a General Practitioner. Please can you help me find someone good in consulting?	15
Can you please find me a doctor in Santa Rosa?	15
Hi! Can you help me find a doctor?	15
Hi, could you help me search for a General Practitioner please?	15
I'd like ophthalmologist in los altos	15
i need to go see a doctor	15
i am not feeling well. i need to consult a doctor. find a doctor in and around near by?	15
Hello, I need help getting a doctor in Los Gatos.	15
I'm in a urgent need for a doctor, I need you to help me	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Find buses from Vancouver.	2
I need a bus.	2
Can you help get me a bus to Anaheim next friday?	2
I need a bus next Friday from Las Vegas to San Francisco please.	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
My buddy is getting married and I need to find a bus ticket.	2
I sure could use your help to set up a bus ride so I can meet my friends before the concert. What info should we start with to get this sorted out?	2
I will be traveling soon and need to find a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus to Sacramento, CA leaving on the 10th of March please? I need to go on a short trip.	2
Please can you help me to get a right bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus ticket for one person to SD on march 6th.	2
I am looking for a bus leaving on the 2nd of this month. I am heading out from Los Angeles	2
Could you please help me in finding a bus?	2
I need a bus for 2 on March 5th for vegas.	2
I want to search for a bus from Long Beach, CA. I want you to help me to find the suitable one for me.	2
My grandmother is dying and I need to find a bus ticket to go see her.	2
I want to go to San Fran and I need a bus for 4 people. Can you search for the one which is suitable to me?	2
I want to search for bus which goes to Sacramento, CA.	2
I need to take a trip. Can you help me find a bus?	2
I have the urgent need for a bus ride for 3 people	2
I need help finalizing plans for my trip. Can you look up buses for me?	2
Hello! I'm looking for a bus for I've to travel to San Diego and I need 1 ticket. Please can you find me one?	2
I want to search for a bus leaving on March 4th.	2
Can you find me a bus leaving LA?	2
Find me a bus.	2
I need a bus.	2
I want you to help me find a bus, because I want to go to San Francisco, and I want to leave on next Tuesday.	2
I need to find 2 tickets for a bus going to Fresno, CA.	2
Hello, I need a bus to Sacramento from Fresno on the 5th of March.	2
I have this plan in mind let's see if you can help me with it. I am in long beach and I need to be in la, I want to leave later today and I want to travel by bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need you to look for a bus for 1 people	2
Hi, i need a help, I am going for a trip on 1st of march with 3 of my friends including me, Could you help me to find a bus?	2
I need bus tickets please for four passengers on the 12th of March from Anaheim, CA.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus travelling from New York City to Philadelphia?	2
I need you to search for a bus for me to go on this Saturday	2
I need a bus for one person departing on March 8th.	2
I'm looking for a bus. I'm going to need ticket for 4 people.	2
I want to search a bus	2
I need help booking a bus.	2
I need help finding a bus for 2 on 5th of march	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hello, I've a travel. please can you help me to find a right bus for my travel?	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus please?	2
Find me a bus.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I'd like you to help me find a bus to SD. There will be three of us riding the bus.	2
Could you please help me in finding a bus from Philly on the 10th? I need it for three people.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
You want me to look for a bus leaving from Las Vegas later today for 2	2
Hi, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I need a bus	2
Hello! I'd like to find a bus leaving SD. Can you help?	2
Could you help me to search for a bus?	2
I need to get a bus from Los Angeles on March 12th, can you see what there is?	2
I'm looking for a bus.	2
I need a bus.	2
can you find me a bus please	2
Hi! Can you help me find bus tickets?	2
Can you help me find a bus leaving on the 11th from SD	2
I need to check bus times.	2
I want to go for a trip for which I want a bus for 4 persons. Can you help me to find the convenient one?	2
I'm looking for some buses.	2
I want a bus ticket for 1 to New York.	2
I'm looking for a bus	2
Can you help me search for bus tickets for four persons?	2
Find me a bus.	2
I want to search for a bus from New York on the 4th. Can you search the suitable one for me to book 2 seats?	2
I need a bus for next Thursday.	2
I need to find a bus for Friday next week from San Diego.	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
I am moving to Sacramento on March 5th and we are one people in a group.Can you help me in finding a bus?	2
Would you help me look for a bus? I want to leave on the 8th for three people from Sacramento, CA.	2
Please help me in finding a bus for 4 persons.	2
Could you help me in searching a bus from Anaheim?	2
I need to go to Long Beach on this Saturday and we are 3 people. Can you please look in for a bus?	2
Could you please help me in finding a bus?	2
Help me find a bus.	2
I need a bus from Anaheim on the 6th for 4 people.	2
Can you assist me in finding a bus?	2
Please help me to find a bus from Fresno, Ca to Sf on March 1st.	2
I need to get a bus.	2
I need to book a bus, can you help?	2
I want to look for a bus.	2
I need a bus for 1 person that departs San Diego this Saturday.	2
Could you help look for a bus?	2
I'd like to find a bus please.	2
I need a bus ride for four people. We are heading somewhere.	2
I'm planning a trip, can you look for buses for me?	2
Can you help me find s bus?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus ride please?	2
I need a bus for 4 people on 12th of this month	2
Search for a bus ticket.	2
I need a bus	2
I need a bus from Anaheim.	2
Get me a bus will you?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus from San Fran to Sacramento, CA for a group of 4 people?	2
Hello! I'd like to find a bus. Can you help me?	2
I need a bus	2
I'm looking for a bus to SFO on the 9th please.	2
I need a bus.	2
I need a bus.	2
Would you help me find a bus? I want to leave the day after tomorrow for four. I will leave from Sacramento.	2
Can you please find me a bus for three?	2
I want to search for a bus for my trip to some places. Can you search for the one suitable to me.	2
I'm looking for a bus going to Vancouver on the 11th of this month. There will be four passengers.	2
I need a bus for the 8th.	2
Please find a bus for me!	2
I need to look for a bus for Friday next week that goes from Sacramento, CA to Long Beach.	2
Hello! Please can you help me to find a bus on the 11th?	2
Will you find a bus that departs on March 13th from Fresno, CA for one?	2
I'm trying to find a bus for four people on March 4th leaving from Los Angeles.	2
I have to find a bus to take please.	2
Three of us would like help finding a bus to Sacramento CA, on the 7th of this month.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need a bus departing on March 8th for three people.	2
Will you help me search for a bus?	2
I need a bus to SD.	2
Could you assist me in looking for a bus?	2
Can you find me 2 seats on a bus to Fresno from Las Vegas?	2
I need to find a transportation for myself, I was thinking about a bus	2
I need a bus ticket please.	2
Get me a bus for 2 on the 9th of this month to Las Vegas.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Help me find a bus ticket.	2
I want to search for a Hotel for which I need your help find the suitable one.	7
Hi there, could you search for a room in a hotel for me please?	7
Can you find me a one star hotel? I just need the one room.	7
2 star hotel please in NY	7
I need a hand to find one hotel room with wifi.	7
I'd like to find a room at at two star hotel.	7
I would like to search for a hotel room with wifi.	7
Can you help me find 1 hotel room in NY with wifi?	7
Can you assist me in finding a hotel room?	7
I'm going to be in New York soon. Can you find me a two star hotel with Wi-Fi there?	7
Hi, i need a help, i am planning for a trip, I need to search a hotel room. Could you find it for me?	7
Hello, I wish to book a room for a trip in some good hotel. Please can you find some good hotels?	7
i am looking for 1 two start hotel room in new york city	7
I am looking for 1 hotel room with wifi connection at SFO.	7
I will be visiting a friend in SD, can you please help me to get one room in a one star hotel?	7
Help me find a hotel room for my upcoming trip.	7
I'm needing to look for a hotel room.	7
I need to find 3 rooms with wifi for a two star hotel.	7
I want hotel in san fran for two rooms and two stars	7
Can you find a room in a hotel?	7
I would like to book an hotel room.	7
hotel in ny please	7
Whats a good hotel?	7
Can you help me find a hotel room?	7
Find me 1 hotel room.	7
Can you recommend a three star hotel. I need 1 room.	7
I'm searching for a four star hotel in Vancouver, BC.	7
I am in need of booking a room in a hotel which has wifi, and is located in Los Angeles.	7
I would like a hotel room.	7
Look up two star hotels.	7
I want to book 1 room in a hotel. I want the hotel to be located in NYC, and for it to be a three star one.	7
I'll need to leave soon so I have to start looking for a hotel room.	7
Will you find a hotel room?	7
Find me a hotel with wifi.	7
I need to find a hotel.	7
I want to search for a hotel room please	7
Get me a hotel room.	7
Hello, Please can you look for a room in a best hotel, for I've a plan of travel?	7
I'll be out of town in a few days and need to find a hotel room.	7
Find a hotel with two available rooms.	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I need to find a place to stay for few days, go see if there's a hotel room available	7
I want to search for some nice hotels for which I need your help to find the best one.	7
I'd like to find a hotel please.	7
Hello, Julie here! I've a trip and I wish to book a room in a hotel. Can you help me on this?	7
Hello! Please can you book three rooms in some hotels at SFO, that have wifi facility?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
I will be travelling soon with some friends and I need somewhere to stay in New York City? I want a one star hotel that has wifi.	7
I need 1 room in NY, a hotel with wifi.	7
Can you please find me a three star hotel?	7
room in a hotel	7
Can you find me a hotel room?	7
I need to find a hotel room.	7
I am search for some nice hotels to stay for a while and I need your help in this regard.	7
I want to find a hotel room in New York City.	7
Hi, I need to find a hotel room that has wifi.	7
I looking for a room in hotel.	7
Find me a 1 star hotel in New York.	7
I need to find a one star hotel room to stay	7
I need a room at a two star hotel.	7
Can you please find me 1 room in a 2 star hotel that has wifi?	7
Find hotels.	7
I want to find a hotel room.	7
I need to find a hotel room.	7
I want a hotel	7
I need to look for a hotel room	7
Hi, could you help me search for a room with WIFI service please?	7
I am looking for two room in a two hotel which is in New York City.	7
I need 1 hotel room in NY that has wifi.	7
Find me a one star room in San Diego	7
Find me a hotel room.	7
I want to look for hotels, I'll need 1 room.	7
I need one hotel room in Anaheim, CA.	7
I'm on vacation soon and need a place to stay. Can you find a hotel room with Wi-Fi for me?	7
Find me 1 hotel room.	7
I like to search hotel room around NY.	7
Help me look for a hotel room in Vancouver, BC.	7
I want 2 rooms	7
Hello! I wish to book two rooms in a hotel that provides wifi connection in New York? Can you suggest me some good hotels with these amenities?	7
Hey, help me get a room at a 2 star hotel with WiFi in a Washington, D.C.	7
Will you find a hotel room in New York?	7
I would like to find a hotel room please.	7
I would like to book a hotel room.	7
I need a hotel room.	7
Can you find me a room in a hotel located in Philly?	7
Can you help me find a hotel room?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
Find me a two room hotel in New York City.	7
I'm in need of a hotel room, look for 3 star hotel	7
Hello! Can you help me find a hotel room?	7
Find me a one star hotel in London, England.	7
I would like to find a hotel room.	7
I'm in need of a hotel room please.	7
Hi there, could you help me search for a hotel room please?	7
I need a hotel room please.	7
I would need 2 rooms at a three star hotel in philadelphia.	7
I need a hotel room for 1 in seattle.	7
Hi there, could you help me search for a one start hotel in SD to stay in?	7
I'm looking for a hotel room?	7
I need to find 2 hotel rooms please.	7
Please help me find a room in a 1 star hotel with wifi, in Anaheim CA.	7
I would like to book a room in a one star hotel that has wifi.	7
I'll be going for an out-of-town business trip and need to find a hotel room.	7
Hi! I'm looking to book one room at a 2 star hotel in San Diego. Can you help?	7
Hi, I'd like to look for a hotel room. I need one room that has wifi. I'd like a 2 star hotel.	7
I would like to find a room at a 1 star hotel.	7
i am looking for a hotel room with wifi	7
I need a hotel room with wifi.	7
I am interested in finding a room in a hotel.	7
I would like to find a hotel room.	7
I would like one room at a 4 star in Long Beach, CA.	7
I'm looking for a hotel room.	7
Hi, could you help me search for a hotel room please?	7
I need a hotel room.	7
Hello! I wish to book 1 room in a two star hotel. Please can you help me to find a good one?	7
i am looking for a hotel room	7
I am looking for a room in a hotel	7
I need to find a hotel room please.	7
What about getting me one hotel room?	7
Hi, could you help me search for 1 room at a hotel in the NYC area, preferably one with wifi services.	7
I'm looking for hotel rooms.	7
Can you find a movie in San Francisco for me?	9
I'm planning an outing with a friend and need to find a movie to watch. Can you see what's playing at AMC Saratoga?	9
Any IMAX shows in San Bruno?	9
I'd like to catch a movie nearby. Can you find me any movie showings?	9
I want to find a regular showing of a suspense movie.	9
I'd like to find a 3D movie showing nearby. Can you find me any?	9
Hi there, are there any nice 3d drama movies I can watch in the SFO area?	9
I'm looking for a fantasy movie at Edwards Fairfield.	9
I am really bored. I would like to watch a movie in antioch.	9
I want to find a 3d movie to watch in San Fran. I have a preference for Adventure movies.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
Look for a movie that I can see.	9
Hey! James here! Please can you find some good movies to watch?	9
Hi, are there any nice movies I can watch?	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I'm looking for a movie to see.	9
I'm looking to find a movie to watch.	9
Hello! Please can you find some good movies for I feel so bored.	9
I would like to find an imax movie to watch. I like Ghost movies and would like to watch one at Pruneyard Cinemas.	9
Find suspense movies.	9
Find me a movie to enjoy.	9
I want to watch a 3d movie in San Fran.	9
I'm looking for a regular movie to watch.	9
I would like to see a regular thriller show in moraga.	9
Any good movies playing?	9
Hey, could you find me a good drama movie to watch at Roxie Theater?	9
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch. Can you look for movies that are showing in San Ramon. I like to see Ghost movies.	9
I'd like to find a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I'm supposed to make plans with a friend. Can you find me a movie to watch?	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Can you help me search for movies in Union City. Any kind of show will be fine.	9
Hello! I'd like to see a movie at California Theatre. I really enjoy a good Thriller, but any type will do.	9
Hello. Can you find a movie for me?	9
Will you find a 3d show at Opera Plaza in SF?	9
I want to watch a good movie. Can you find me an entertaining rom-com playing at Stanford Theatre in Palo Alto?	9
I'm bored. I want to watch a movie in San Fran.	9
Hello! Can you tell me if there are any Thriller movies playing near me?	9
Will you find s Suspense movie at California Theatre in Berkeley?	9
Hello! I'd like to go to a movie.	9
I need to find a fantasy movie to watch.	9
I need help figuring out a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.	9
I need to find a funny movie in Santa Clara.	9
Hi, are there any movies currently shown in Healdsburg?	9
I'm looking for a movie.	9
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch. Can you do a search for movies showing in Santa Clara. I enjoy funny movies.	9
I want to see a movie!	9
I have an early day off and am looking for something to do. I'd love to see a movie, maybe a comedy, right now.	9
I like to search a movie to watch	9
I am in a nice mood to watch some movies and can you help me to find the suitable one?	9
I'm hoping to find a movie.	9
I need to search for a movie to watch	9
I'm going out with a friend later and we're going to see a movie. Can you see if there are any Drama movies showing at Albany Twin right now?	9
I am interested in finding a movie I can watch.	9
I'm a bit bored right now. I'd like to watch a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie!	9
can you find me a regular show or a fantasy movie to watch?	9
I'm in the mood to watch a movie.	9
Can you help me find a movie to see?	9
I want to see a movie	9
I'd like to go see a movie.	9
I'd like to find a regular show movie. Can you search movies in Fairfield including Edwards Fairfield.	9
I need to find a movie, please.	9
I'm going to the movies fairly soon and want to watch something good. Can you find a 3D show for me in Oakland?	9
I'd like to look for a film to enjoy.	9
Hello! I'd like to see a Fantasy movie at Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell. Can you help me find something?	9
I want to see a good movie!	9
Do you know any 3d comedy flicks playings?	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch at the Regal Crow Canyon in San Ramon. I enjoy fantasy movies.	9
My roommate and I have nothing to do tonight. Can you see what movies are playing?	9
I am interested in finding a 3d show of a movie I can watch.	9
Hi, could you help me search for a 3d show at AMC Brentwood please.	9
I would like to see an imax show at century vallejo.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
Help me search for movies I can watch.	9
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I'd like to watch it at Regal Crow Canyon, and I enjoy Fantasy films.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch at CineLux Almaden. Can you search in San Jose for a 3d show.	9
I am really really bored, please help me find a movie to watch.	9
Hey, could you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I'd like to watch a movie.	9
Hi, are there any nice movies I can watch?	9
Hi, are there any nice movies I can watch?	9
I'd like to find films to watch.	9
Hi, can you help me find a fantasy movie to watch?	9
I want to go watch a movie with a friend. What movies are playing?	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch at Rheem theatre in Moraga? Any good Thriller movies out right now?	9
I am interested to find some movie I can watch.	9
I want to see a movie. Can you tell me what the regular shows are at the Rheem Theatre in Moraga.	9
I want to go to a 3d movie at AMC Metreon in SF.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
I am interested in going to the movies.	9
i want to watch a movie	9
Hi, could you help me search for a nice movie to watch please?	9
I want to find a movie at Regal Crow Canyon.	9
I need to find a movie.	9
Hey, could you help me find a good comedy movie to watch?	9
Please find me a movie to watch in San Fran.	9
Hi there, are there any Suspense movies shown in Moraga?	9
I would like to see a movie in SFO.	9
i want to watch a movie	9
I want a movie	9
Search regular shows or funny movies in San Fran.	9
Find movies.	9
I'm in Santa Clara, and I want to watch a movie. Are there any comic movies showing in 3D?	9
I want to see Century Vallejo in imax. It is a fantasy movie. Find it for me.	9
Find movies in Fairfield.	9
I want to see a movie!	9
Find me a movie.	9
I want to find a movie to go watch. Just a regular showing at Rheem Theatre would be fine.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I want to find a movie.	9
I am bored all day, can you find me a movie to watch?	9
Hello! I'd like to find a movie to see in Menlo Park.	9
I am interested in seeing a movie at the California Theatre.	9
Hello, I wish to watch some Suspense movies of any type of show. Please can you find me some?	9
i want to watch a movie	9
Hello! Please can you suggest any 3d show of the movie?	9
I would like you to locate Suspense movies in Berkeley please.	9
I will be meeting later with some friends. We want to go watch a movie in Stanford Theatre. What is playing there? Any type of show is all right.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch at Pruneyard Cinemas. Could you help me find one, in Campbell? I like Fantasy movies the most.	9
I want to see a movie!	9
I need an IMAX show in Campbell at Pruneyard Cinemas.	9
I am interested in finding a movie which I can watch in a 3d show. I want to watch the movie at CineLux Almaden.	9
Hey, can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I want to go to AMC Metreon can you check whats playing?	9
Will you find a movie at California Theatre in Berkeley?	9
What's your advice for a nice, regular movie I can see with my friend at the Rheem Theatre in Moraga, please?	9
Like about a regular movie to watch at the Stanford theatre that's Romantic	9
i want to watch a movie	9
Hi! I'd like to find a movie to see.	9
I'd like to find a suspense movie.	9
I would like a place to eat in san Jose.	13
I am starving to death.	13
I need to find a place to eat	13
I am looking for a nice restaurant in SF.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Find me a place to eat at.	13
I want a place to eat that serves alcohol	13
I am looking to a place to eat dumplings.	13
Find me a place to eat in Burlingame.	13
I need to get something to eat.	13
I am searching for a place to eat in SFO.	13
Find me a place to eat at.	13
Can you help me to find a good restaurant?	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.	13
Help me find somewhere to eat. Any price is fine.	13
Hi! Can you help me find a nice restaurant?	13
I need a place to eat.	13
Find a place to eat	13
I want a place to eat	13
I'd like to find a restaurant in Alameda please.	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Hey! Reena, I wish to have some good dishes. Do you know any good place to eat?	13
find me a place to eat.	13
Will you find an expensive restaurant in San Fran?	13
I want to find a restaurant.	13
Hello, I wish to go out to have some food. Please can you find a good place to dine that serves alcohol too?	13
Hi there, could you search for a place to eat please?	13
Hi there, could you search for a place to eat please?	13
I would like to eat out, the place must offer non meat food but I still want alcohol	13
I want Cambodian food that is afforadable	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat?	13
I need to find a eating place in San Carlos and some kind of Ramen food i okay	13
I would like to eat out at a restaurant.	13
I want some restaurants with veggie food	13
Find me a place to eat at.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in San Jose.	13
I would like to find a restaurant.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Hi there, are there any places which I can dine at?	13
Search for me not very costly restaurant that serve alcohol.	13
Hello! Please can you find me some good restaurant to have a small dinner in the evening?	13
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat please?	13
Hi there, could you help me search for some nice places to eat please?	13
i need to look for eating place as i like some Burgers kind of food	13
Find me a place to eat.	13
I am in a nice mood and I think it will be great if I eat outside once. Can you search for some good and clean restaurants for me to enjoy my food outside?	13
Find me some place to eat.	13
Im looking for a place to eat something	13
Help me find somewhere to eat.	13
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant in San Francisco	13
Hi, I need a help. me and my friends are very hungry, i am looking for a place to eat, could you find it?	13
Hi there, are there any places which I can dine at?	13
How about dining out? can you help me with that?	13
Hi, I'm in the mood for some Indian food. Can you find me a restaurant?	13
I'm looking for something to eat.	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat?	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I'd like to eat something. I prefer Japanese food.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant	13
my mouth is watering to eat food from outside. find a good place to eat?	13
I want to eat out tonight.	13
I would like to find a reasonably priced place to eat in Orinda please.	13
Hi, could you help me search for some good places to eat please?	13
I want to find a restaurant please.	13
What good places are there to eat? I want Noodles that are budget priced in Concord.	13
I need to find a place to eat. I would like eating some kind of Greek food, and I want the restaurant to be in SFO.	13
I need to find a restaurant which serves alcohol in Redwood City please.	13
I have a plan to eat outside and particularly I like to have Italian foods. Can you search for the one with affordable priced?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat	13
I'll be visiting Sunnyvale soon, and would like to dine at a restaurant serving alcohol.	13
I am planning to eat outside once for which I need your help to find a suitable place for me. Can you help now?	13
Find me a restaurant to eat at.	13
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat in Foster City please?	13
What cool restaurants are there?	13
I want a place to eat in SF.	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
Will you find an economical restaurant that serves liquor?	13
I'd like to find a restaurant.	13
I need to get some chow.	13
I need to find somewhere to eat.	13
I'm hungry find me somewhere to eat.	13
I am in a mood to eat outside once for which I need to find some good restaurant. Can you help me to find the one?	13
Please help me find a place to eat.	13
What restaurants are there?	13
Hello, I'm feeling hungry. Please can you suggest me some good restaurant?	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat in Santa Clara?	13
Please find me some place to eat.	13
Hi, could help me search for places to eat please?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
I want enjoy a different cuisine. How will you help me?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant	13
I need help finding a place to eat.	13
I want to eat some parisian food at a very expensive restaurant in los gatos.	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat?	13
Can you find a good eatery for me?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant	13
I'm looking for a restaurant that has live music.	13
Can you find me a place to eat in Campbell?	13
Find me an affordable place to eat which serves alcohol	13
I need to find a restaurant.	13
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat which is not very costly?	13
Find me a restaurant to eat at.	13
How about a suggestion for dinner?	13
I want to eat someplace in San Francisco.	13
I need to find a place to eat.	13
I'm seeking a place to eat with California food in Oakland.	13
I don't feel like cooking so I would like you to look for a place in fremont that serves some curry kind of food	13
I am looking for nice restaurant.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Hello! please can you find an average priced restaurant in Oakland?	13
I am searching for a place to eat around Fremont and i want some korean barbeque.	13
Find me a place that serves French food.	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I need help finding a restaurant.	13
I'm really hungry and would like to find a restaurant with afforadable prices.	13
Hi, I'm hungry and I need somewhere to eat. Can you find me a place?	13
Hi, could you suggest some nice places where I can dine at?	13
I'm hungry and I need somewhere to eat. Any price range is fine.	13
I want to eat Pasta in Walnut Creek.	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
I'm famished and would like to find a restaurant with moderate prices.	13
Help me look for places to eat.	13
I want a place to eat	13
Can you please find me a place to eat?	13
Hi there, could you help me find a place to eat in Morgan Hill please.	13
i like to eat food outside home. find me some good place to eat? pizza kind of food will be perfect.find it in alameda with some intermediate priced food?	13
I want to find moderate priced curry food to eat.	13
I need to get a nice Pizza fix for my day off.. Where do you advise that I go in the moderate price range?	13
I am wanting to go to an Italian restaurant in Novato.	13
Hi, could you help me search for some take-out food which is average priced in San Mateo?	13
Hi, could you help me find some places to eat in the San Fran area please?	13
Can you please help me find a restaurant?	13
I'd like help searching for somewhere to eat.	13
Hi, i need a help, i am very hungry now, could you find me a good place to eat?	13
I need a place to eat that has live music.	13
Hi! Can you help me find some popular attractions in the area?	17
What attractions can you find for me to visit?	17
Show attractions.	17
Would you find me attractions to go to in Philadelphia?	17
I need to get out. Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Hi there, are there any mall which are child friendly which I can visit?	17
I'm going to meet my cousin and I want to take him somewhere cool. Is there anything going on?	17
Can you help me find a museum in New York to visit?	17
Could you find me some attractions?	17
I am looking for attractions.	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
I want to find some attractions I can visit.	17
I have a small plan to visit some attractive places and I want your help to find the good one.	17
Please show me some attractions to visit	17
What fun place is there to visit?	17
Find me child friendly attractions that are free.	17
Will you show me attractions to visit?	17
Can you show me some cool attractions?	17
I'd like to find some good tourist attractions.	17
Can you tell me about some attractions I can visit?	17
I would like to know about some attractions.	17
I am interested in some child friendly tourist attractions.	17
Could you give me some attractions I can go to?	17
Could you find me an attraction? i'd like a free museum for children please.	17
Find me a cool tourist attraction in New York City.	17
I'm looking for a Museum that is free to enter.	17
I need help locating some attractions to go to.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
Find attractions or a place of interest in New York City.	17
Would you find me some attractions I could visit?	17
I want to see some attractions and I don't want to spend any money on entrance fee. I would prefer a Museum maybe. I will be in Philly by the way.	17
show some attractions	17
Find me attractions in NY.	17
Find me some attractions to visit	17
I would like to see options for child-friendly attractions to visit.	17
I'm going on a trip and need to find some things to do while I'm there. Can you look up attractions for me?	17
Please find me some attractions.	17
Find free kid friendly attractions in New York.	17
I would like to bring my niece on Sacramento, do you know some attraction to visit there?	17
I would like to visit some attractions.	17
Hey can you show me some attractions I could visit?	17
What are some things to do?	17
Will you find attractions?	17
Where would be a good place to visit?	17
Please show me some attractions to visit.	17
I am looking for child-friendly attractions.	17
Hi there, are there any attractions which I can visit without paying an entrance fee?	17
I need to leave my house. Can you find me some attractions to visit, like a garden?	17
Can you please find some attractions for me to visit?	17
Can you suggest some attractions which I can visit?	17
Hello! I'm looking for some attraction to visit for I've a couple of days leisure. please can you suggest me some good places?	17
Hi, I'd like to find a kid friendly park to visit in Seattle, WA.	17
I want to know about some attractions I can visit.	17
I would like to find a Park to go visit.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
I want to find some attractions.	17
Hello! Can you help me find something to do?	17
I would like to see some attractions.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
Would you show me some attractions I could visit?	17
Find free child friendly attractions in NYC.	17
Please search in New York City for kid-friendly places to visist. I would prefer to visit a historical spot.	17
I would like to visit some attractions.	17
Hi, are there any child-friendly attractions in the SD area which is free which I can visit?	17
Could you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Can you please help me find a historical spot in NYC?	17
I am searching for some attractions.	17
I want to visit some attractions	17
I'd like you to search for some places of interest to visit on my upcoming vacation.	17
I'd like to find some NY attractions	17
Would you show me attractions to visit in Philadelphia? I prefer a museum, and someplace without an entry fee.	17
I need to find something fun to do. Can you show me some nice attractions to visit?	17
I want to search for a attractive place like Park with free entrance. Can you find the one which is to be a safest place for kids?	17
Can you help me find something to do?	17
Is there anywhere exciting to visit?	17
Can you please find me some attractions to visit?	17
Hi there, are there any nice museum which I can visit?	17
I'm looking for a entry free attraction to visit.	17
Find me some attractions to visit.	17
What is there to see around town?	17
I want to find some attractions.	17
can you find me an attraction	17
Can you find me a performing arts venue to go to in New York?	17
Hi there, are there any attractions which I can visit in San Fran?	17
Can you find me some tourist attraction in LAX which do not charge for the entry?	17
My friend wants to meet up and do something interesting together. What can you suggest for a religious spot to visit?	17
Could you show some attractions to visit?	17
Hi there, could you search for some nice attractions which I can visit in Philadelphia please?	17
Now that the terrible weather is over I would like to find some attractions to visit or fun things to go do.	17
I have a friend visiting and I need to find some attractions. Can you find me some?	17
Find me some attractions to see.	17
Could you help me in finding some attractions to visit?	17
I'd like to find child-friendly attractions to visit in New York City.	17
What attractions are there?	17
I'd like to see some attractions to check out.	17
I want to know about some attractions I can visit.	17
Can you find me some places to visit? Something child friendly without an entry fee, like a museum would be cool!	17
Can you find me some attractions that don't have an entry fee?	17
What recommendations can you give me for some fun attractions to visit?	17
Hi, could you help me search for some attractions without an entrance fee in the Seattle, WA area please?	17
I want to look for something to visit. Is there anything interesting that is child-friendly, has no entry free? Something like a garden.	17
I'm looking for an attraction to go to in Philadelphia, maybe a historical spot.	17
I am looking for child-friendly attractions in Sacramento.	17
Hi there, could you help me search for some nice attractions which I can visit?	17
What is a good place or thing to visit?	17
Find me some attractions to see.	17
I'd like a fun wildlife spot type of attraction	17
I want to find something to visit. What attractions are there?	17
I need help looking up some free, kid friendly, attractions in Seattle, WA.	17
I'd like to visit some attractions	17
Hey, can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
I want to find some attractions.	17
I need help finding attractions.	17
I'm looking for some attractions to go to.	17
show some attractions	17
I"d like you to show me some attractions to visit that are child-friendly in NYC.	17
I need to unwind, can you please help me to find attraction to visit?	17
Can you find some attractions for me to visit?	17
I am interested in a Park I can visit in New York City.	17
I will visit soon NY are there any attractions to see? Preferably a Museum.	17
Can you find me a museum to visit?	17
can you find me some attraction	17
Can you see if there's any child friendly attractions in New York City?	17
I am interested in visiting some attractions, specifically somewhere that is child friendly, possibly a nature Preserve.	17
I'm looking for a place of interest in LA.	17
I need some attractions to visit.	17
I have some time off work and want to find some attractions to visit.	17
show some attractions	17
Can you please find some attractions for me but please bear in mind that I'd prefer a natural spot.	17
I'm looking for a child friendly attraction to go to in NY.	17
I am search for some nice places to visit in New York City. Can you search for the attractive one which is also a child-friendly for me?	17
I am interested in finding some attractions which I can visit.	17
What are some attractions I can go to?	17
Could you show some attractions to visit?	17
Do you help me to find some nice places that I want to visit?	17
Would you find me Philly attractions?	17
Hey, I need to leave my house. Can you help me find some attractions to go?	17
Find something interesting to visit in Vancouver, BC, preferably with no entry cost.	17
Can you show me some attractions to go see	17
I want to find some attractions.	17
What are some nice places for me to visit?	17
Whats there to see in San Diego?	17
Hey, I need to get tickets to an event, can you help me?	4
I need to buy some tickets for an event.	4
I would like event tickets please.	4
I need four tickets to the United Vs Earthquakes on the 11th.	4
Anything worth hitting in SD?	4
Can you help me find some great events in Vancouver.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event please.	4
Can you buy me tickets to an event?	4
Hey,Nancy here! Any upcoming event by this month, for I wish to buy tickets for any good event if its coming up shortly?	4
I would like some event tickets for March 9th.	4
Hi, i am planning to go for an event, i need to buy tickets, Could you help me?	4
I want to buy tickets for Dodgers Vs Diamondbacks	4
I am interesting in buying tickets for an event.	4
I want to search for some nice events in Phoenix, AZ and also I need to book the tickets for that event. Search for the nice one.	4
I want to get some tickets for an upcoming event.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event in NYC.	4
I want to get event tickets.	4
I am interested in booking tickets for Styx event.	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event?	4
I am interested in buying a ticket for an event.	4
Find me please some events in Chicago because I want to buy two tickets.	4
I need assistance buying event tickets.	4
I would like to buy three tickets to the Mariners vs Rangers in Seattle, WA.	4
I need to purchase event tickets. Can you help me with that?	4
Could you help with tickets to a ball game? I will be on a work trip and thought I could catch a game.	4
Can you help me get two tickets to the Mets Vs Padres event?	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I want to buy tickets.	4
Hello, I was hoping you could help me buy some tickets to an event.	4
I'm looking to buy tickets for an event.	4
I would like to purchase tickets today for an event.	4
I would like to buy event tickets.	4
I like to book ticket for an event and searching around something in New york city. i am in need of one ticket.	4
I'm looking for Toronto Fc Vs Impact tickets	4
I would like to buy a ticket for an event tomorrow.	4
I want to search for some nice events for which I need your help. Please help me to book tickets.	4
I would help with event tickets.	4
i am looking for a ticket to an event	4
Please get me one ticket for the Girl in Red in Los angeles	4
I want to buy tickets to Sky Vs Fever.	4
I need event tickets.	4
I wish to get ticket for an event.	4
I am interested in booking tickets for an event.	4
I like to purchase tickets for an event on the 1st.	4
I'm looking to buy some tickets to an event.	4
I'd like tickets for an event	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I want 1 ticket for an event on the 11th	4
Hello there. I want to get some tickets for an event.	4
Search events please.	4
I need to buy tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to find an event to buy tickets for on the 6th of this month, something in Vancouver please.	4
I need tickets to an event.	4
I need to buy some tickets.	4
I want 3 tickets to Crooked Colours for Saturday this week.	4
Can you buy me tickets for an event?	4
I want to buy 2 tickets for Girl In red.	4
Can you help me in buying tickets to an event?	4
I would like tickets for an event	4
I need tickets.	4
I wish to get tickets for an event. I think Bill Callahan is very nice.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to see an event in New York, something for 3 people.	4
I want to buy tickets to an event.	4
I need event tickets.	4
Can you please help me purchase three tickets to Nav with Killy on March 5th?	4
Can you find me tickets to see Madonna in NY?	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event. I want two tickets for the Sparks Vs Mystics event on the 9th. I heard it is really good.	4
Let's buy tickets to an event please.	4
I am looking for tickets to an event happening tomorrow. I want 2 tickets to Wallows. I've heard they're good.	4
I will be going to an event soon and I need a ticket.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
Can you please help me purchase 2 tickets for Ben Harper in New York City?	4
I would like you help to purchase tickets for an event.	4
I need event tickets for the 11th of this month.	4
Can you help me get one ticket to an event in Philly on the 3rd of this month?	4
I need a new place to stay at. Are there any one bath apartments in the area?	6
Can you help me look for an apartment?	6
I am looking for a 3 bedroom apartment.	6
Hey, I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I want to search for a new apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment please.	6
Can you help me look for an apartment?	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find a 3 bed room apartment.	6
i am looking for an apartment	6
My landlord is kicking me out. So quickly search me an apartment.	6
Can you help me find a nice apartment to stay in?	6
I'm going to be moving pretty soon. Can you find me an apartment?	6
I am in need of finding an apartment, and the one I am looking for should have 2 bathrooms.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
i am looking for 3 bed rooms apartment	6
I'd like to find an apartment to move into.	6
I am looking out for an apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
Help me look for an apartment.	6
I need an apartment.	6
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to find a new apartment, Could you find a good apartment for me?	6
I'm looking for an apartment	6
I want to find an apartment please.	6
I need an apartment. Can you find me a furnished place with 4 bedrooms?	6
I need to find an apartment in San Jose that has four bedrooms and allows pets.	6
I'd like to start looking for an apartment.	6
Hey, can you find me a pet-friendly apartment in San Rafael?	6
I want to find a pet friendly apartment with three bath in Rohnert Park.	6
I got promoted at work and need to move. So, I need help with finding an apartment.	6
Find for me an apartment please.	6
I'd like to find an apartment that's pet friendly.	6
I got to get a new pad.	6
I am in need of some place to stay, so I need to find an apartment.	6
Can you search an apartment for me?	6
I need an apartment	6
I want an apartment with 3 bed rooms in San Jose.	6
Please help me to find an apartment.	6
I need to look for an apartment.	6
I will be moving soon and I need to find an apartment with three bedrooms in San Jose.	6
Can you help me with finding an apartment?	6
Can you help me search for an apartment? It should be 2 bedrooms, one bath and preferably furnished kitchen.	6
I need to look for an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
My lease is running out soon. Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment nearby.	6
I'm looking for an apartment in Sunnyvale.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in Hayward please	6
I'm moving soon and I need to find an apartment in Sunnyvale. I'll need a place with 3 bathrooms.	6
Please help me find an apartment.	6
Find me an apartment with 1 bath that allows pets.	6
I want to find an apartment that has two baths and is furnished	6
I need to find an apartment that has two bedrooms.	6
I would like to find an apartment. It should have 3 bedrooms and 3 baths.	6
Can you help me finding an apartment	6
Hello! Can you help me find an apartment?	6
Hello! I'd like to find an apartment. Can you help?	6
I am looking for an apartment	6
I need an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment with 1 bath in Sebastopol	6
Can you help me locate an apartment in Hayward that has 3 bath rooms please?	6
Can you help me find an apartment in Sunnyvale? I need one where pets are permitted	6
Please help me find an apartment.	6
I need to search for some nice apartments, can you help me?	6
We need to shift to a new apartment with three baths and pets allowed. Can you find one?	6
I need to move. Can you look for an apartment for me?	6
I wish to search an apartment in Sunnyvale with 3 bed rooms.	6
Help me find an apartment in San Jose with 3 baths	6
I have to get an apartment.	6
Search for apartments please.	6
I want to search for an apartment. I need a fully furnished apartment with 1 bath. Can you search for the one that suits me?	6
I need an apartment with two bath rooms that allows pets.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment? I need it to have 2 baths and 2 bedrooms.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I need an apartment.	6
I need a 1 bed room apartment.	6
I need to find a furnished apartment with 1 bath where pets are allowed.	6
This neighborhood's been getting dangerous recently. Maybe I should move to a different apartment? Can you find me one?	6
I'm looking for an apartment and I need some help	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
Find 4 bed room apartments please.	6
I'm relocating for work and I need to find an apartment.	6
I need to find a 3 bed room 2 bath apartment in Antioch.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
Hello! I'd like to find an apartment. Can you help me?	6
I would like you to search for an apartment.	6
Hi, I'm looking for a three bed three bath apartment in Santa Rosa.	6
I need to find a nice apartment for my purpose, can you search for the one for me?	6
I'm looking for a two bedroom, one bath apartment in Fairfield.	6
I need an apartment with four bedrooms.	6
I want to find a apartment that should have 2 baths and 3 bedrooms	6
I need an apartment.	6
I would ilke to find an apartment.	6
Located 2 bed room apartments that accept pets please.	6
I need help in finding a furnished apartment in Richmond.	6
I'm after an apartment in Mountain View.	6
I want to find a one bath and two bedroom apartment.	6
Hey, could you find me an apartment?	6
I'd like to find an apartment please.	6
Let's find an apartment in Hayward	6
Get me a place to stay please. I'm being evicted because I'm a convicted felon.	6
I am search for some nice apartments for my own purpose. Can you check for some nice one with three bed rooms and 3 baths?.	6
I need an apartment.	6
I'm getting a new pet and need to find an apartment that allows pets. .	6
I need to move out of this junk place. Can you help me find a new apartment around Sunnyvale?	6
Locate some apartments for me, two bedroom, two bath.	6
I need to find an apartment please	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment	6
I need helping searching for a 2 bedroom apartment.	6
Hi, I'm looking to find a new apartment.	6
Can you help me look for an apartment?	6
Hey, can you find me an apartment with three baths?	6
I'll be moving soon and I need to find an apartment.	6
I need to search apartments please.	6
I need to find a new apartment.	6
Please help me find an apartment.	6
I am looking to find an apartment.	6
I want help in finding a pet-friendly apartment.	6
I need to book an apartment with 1 bath and 1 bedroom with fully furnished. Can you search for the one?	6
Can you help me find an apartment that allows pets and has two baths?	6
I'm looking for a 1 bedroom apartment in Fremont so my girlfriend can move in with me.	6
I need an apartment	6
I want a 2 bed 1 bath apartment that allows pets.	6
Help me find an apartment please	6
I'd like to find an apartment that allows pets. It needs to have 3 bed rooms.	6
I will be moving soon and I want to find an apartment in Fremont.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment? And can you please confirm the number of bedrooms in the apartment?	6
I have to search for an apartment	6
I need to move out fast. Can you find me a furnished apartment?	6
Can you help me find an apartment to rent? I need four bedrooms and three baths, is that possible?	6
I need to find a 2 bedroom apartment in San Leandro.	6
I need an apartment with three bedrooms in Santa Rosa.	6
Find me an apartment please.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I'm looking for an apartment. Can you find something for me?	6
Can you help me look for an apartment?	6
I'd like help finding an apartment, please.	6
I would like to find an apartment with two baths that allows pets. Please find one in Antioch.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I am looking for a three bed apartment in Morgan Hill.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I'd like to find an apartment. Can you find me a furnished apartment with 2 baths?	6
I'm looking for an apartment. Can you help me out?	6
I need a new apartment, can you find me one?	6
I'm looking for an apartment to rent.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment with two baths and three bed rooms	6
I'm looking for an apartment in Antioch.	6
I'm planning on moving out and need to find an apartment soon. Can you look for any apartments I might like?	6
I am in search of an apartment.	6
I have to move out and I need an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment	6
I need a new place to live. I'd like to find an apartment in Redwood City.	6
I'm on the hunt for a new apartment. It should have 2 baths and three bedrooms. Can you make a suggestion concerning this?	6
I woud like to find a furnished apartment.	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment.	6
Can you find an apartment for me?	6
Find me an apartment in San Jose with one baths.	6
I need to find a new apartment.	6
I need an apartment with three bathrooms, furnished.	6
Find an apartment in San Leandro.	6
Could you help me find a nice apartment to stay in?	6
I have to leave this place soon. So find me an apartment with two bed rooms.	6
Let's search for apartments please.	6
Find apartments that accept pets and have three bath rooms please.	6
I'd like to find an apartment. Can you help me?	6
Hi there, could you help me find an apartment to stay at please?	6
Hi there, could you help me search for an apartment please?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Hi there, could you help me search for an apartment please?	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Can you help me find an apartment?	6
I want to search for an Apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment that allows pets.	6
Please help me find an apartment.	6
Can you get me a 3 bedroom apartment?	6
Im looking for an apartment	6
Hi I'm moving soon, can you help me find an apartment?	6
Find me an apartment with two bed rooms and pets allowed.	6
I want to look for apartments.	6
I need an apartment, can you get me one?	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
Please help me find an apartment.	6
I need to find a three bed room apartment.	6
I want you to find me an apartment with three bed rooms.	6
I need to find an apartment in Brentwood.	6
I need an apartment in San Lorenzo with 2 baths and pet should be welcomed.	6
I am looking for 3 baths apartment in Rohnert Park	6
Can you help me look for an apartment?	6
Can you help me locate an apartment?	6
I got a new job and I'll be moving so I need to find an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment with four bed rooms in San Jose	6
What can you do to get me an apartment. I don't have furniture, can you give me a furnished place?	6
I'm looking for a new apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment. Can you help?	6
I'd like to find an apartment.	6
I would like to find an apartment. I want an apartment in Sunnyvale that allows pets.	6
I want to find an apartment in Mountain View that has 1 bath.	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
I need to move to a new apartment. Can you look for one with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms?	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment to rent.	6
I need an apartment.	6
Can you help me find a furnished apartment? I need at least 3 baths	6
I need to locate an apartment.	6
Search for apartments please.	6
I need an apartment in Mountain View.	6
I am in need of finding an apartment with one bedroom.	6
I wish to search for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in Hayward. Pets should be allowed.	6
Hi, I need a help, i am going to change my apartment soon, Could you find a good apartment for me?	6
I have the need to find an apartment in Fairfield with 2 bed rooms, can you assist me while doing so?	6
I'm looking for an apartment with three bed rooms and there should be 2 baths.	6
I will be moving soon, are there any apartments available that look good?	6
I'm moving soon and I need to find a three bedroom apartment in Fairfield.	6
Can you find me an apartment?	6
Can you find me an apartment with 1 bath?	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I want to find an apartment in Concord.	6
I need an apartment	6
Hi there, could you help me search for an apartment please?	6
Can you help me find an apartment in the Antioch area please?	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
I need a new place to live. I'd like to get an apartment.	6
I need help finding an apartment.	6
Can you help me to find an apartment?	6
Help me find an apartment with 1 bed room	6
I'm looking for a one bedroom apartment in Fremont. Pets must be allowed.	6
I am looking for apartment with 2 baths.	6
I would like to find an apartment with 2 bedrooms.	6
I need a place to live! How are the apartments in San Mateo?	6
I need a new pad, a place where I can have a pet.	6
I want to search for a new apartment, one which has one bath.	6
I want to find an apartment with two baths over in Concord.	6
I need a place to live! What apartments are available?	6
I'd like an apartment.	6
I'm looking for a furnished apartment.	6
I'm searching for a new apartment. I need someplace that permits pets	6
i am looking for an apartment	6
I'm looking for an apartment.	6
I just got evicted. Where should I look now? I need two bathrooms.	6
I will be moving soon, I need to find a new apartment.	6
I want to search for an apartment. Can you search the nice one for me? Please search it with 1 bath.	6
I need to find one nice apartment for me. Can you help to find the nice one?	6
Search for apartments in Antioch.	6
I would like to find an apartment.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
I'm looking for a pet friendly apartment in Berkeley.	6
I need a place to stay, so I need to find an apartment.	6
Can you find me an apartment with 2 baths?	6
I'd like to find a 4 bedroom apartment with three bathrooms.	6
I need to book a apartment for which I need your help.	6
I need to find an apartment.	6
Can you help me to find a four bed room apartment in Hayward?	6
I'd like an apartment with two baths.	6
I am looking for an apartment.	6
Can you locate a one bedroom apartment now?	6
I need an Apartment.	6
I'm looking for an apartment. And I want it to allow pets.	6
I want to search for an apartment in San Jose and I need your help to find the best one.	6
I need to move somewhere closer to my new job. Can you help me find an apartment?	6
Can you please help me look for an aparment?	6
I'm in need of an apartment and I want you to find it	6
Hey, I'm thinking of moving out. I need to find an apartment with at least 3 bathrooms.	6
I am looking for a one bath apartment. Can you help me?	6
Can you find me an apartment in Union City?	6
I need a one bath apartment.	6
I need a new apartment. What's available?	6
Let's look for some events	4
What events are coming up? I want to do something in NY. I heard that Amber Run Brooklyn is fun.	4
I would lilke you to search for events such as Blue Jays vs Indians.	4
I want to find an event to go to?	4
My bonus is more than I expected this month. So, I want to do something interesting. I'm leaning toward the popular Crystal Palace Vs Norwich in London, UK. Do you have information on that?	4
I want to find the dates of some events taking place in Los Angeles.	4
I would like to find United Vs Earthquakes.	4
I am having trouble finding dates for a few events. Can you help me?	4
I'm interested in finding events.	4
I'm supposed to plan an outing with some friends. Can you look up some events for me?	4
I've heard many good things about Cher. Can you see if any of her shows are playing in San Fran?	4
My friends and I would like to attend an event. Any date you can suggest?	4
I want to go to a Whitecaps Vs Earthquakes game.	4
I would like to find an event.	4
Can you help me find some dates for events in Philadelphia?	4
I want to search dates for events.	4
I would like to find fun events.	4
I'd like to find some dates to attend an event. Can you help me?	4
I need ti find some dates for events.	4
I like to find dates for events.	4
I'd like to find interesting dates for events.	4
I want to know what I can do for fun in Chicago.	4
I'm looking for the dates of events I'm interested in.	4
I want to find events on New York.	4
Hey, could you help me search for some interesting events?	4
I want to catch an event somewhere in LAX. I heard Lafc Vs Rapids is decent.	4
I want to search for some nice events for which I need your help to find the interesting one.	4
I need to find dates for events to attend.	4
I am looking for some events in Phoenix AZ.	4
Find me some events in LAX.	4
Can you find a calendar of event dates?	4
I want to attend events in the area.	4
Find me some interesting events.	4
Hey are The Struts playing somewhere?	4
I'd love to attend fun events.	4
Can I get some dates for Diamondbacks Vs Orioles events?	4
I want to know dates of events.	4
I need to find some new events around me and such.	4
I'm interested in finding dates for events in LA. I heard Kishi Bashi is really good.	4
Please find me dates for Don Broco events.	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I need to find dates for events please.	4
Can you search events for me?	4
Im looking for dates for events	4
Let's search events in San Francisco please.	4
I want the event The Hives something in San Diego. Please find me some.	4
I want to know the dates of an event.	4
I need to find some dates for events.	4
Will you find me events in NYC?	4
Hi, could you help me search for some events please? Would prefer something in the San Diego area, and I heard that Sara Bareilles is a great eevent.	4
I'd like to find dates to see the Beach Boys.	4
What is there to do in Napa on a certain date?	4
I'd like to find dates for The Paper Kites in New York City	4
Hey, can you help me find the date of the Lyfe Jennings show?	4
I would like to find dates of events to attend.	4
I want to see Republic Vs Toros in Sacramento, CA.	4
Could you help me find dates for events?	4
I have some free time coming up, and want to spend it at an interesting event. I'd like to visit SD, and I've heard good things about the Padres Vs Orioles game coming up.	4
I want to go see Low. Do they have any dates where they perform in NYC?	4
I am looking for dates for an event, aparently Fidlar is good.	4
Can you find me something to do in New York City?	4
I want to see Usc Vs Utah in LA what days fit that event?	4
I would like to find out some event dates.	4
I haven't been to a game yet this year and really want to go to one. Can you help me find something in Philly? I've heard a lot about the Phillies Vs Braves this year.	4
I want to find dates to do something.	4
Can you help me find dates for events?	4
I am looking for events in Vancouver, BC, I like Zz top.	4
Can you help me find tickets to the Padres Vs Diamondbacks, I hear it's gonna be great	4
I'm looking to go to events in NY, thinking about Shanice because everyone says it's great	4
I'd like to find dates for events. I heard Dodgers vs Rockies is good.	4
I am interested in dates for the Eagles vs Cowboys.	4
I want to see Alejandro Sanz in SD.	4
I am in a plan to search for the events and I think Amber Run Brooklyn is the nice one. Can you check for the events related to this around New York City?	4
Please search for fun events and dates.	4
I would like to find out the dates of some events. I'm interested in Jordan Rakei, and I need to find something in LAX.	4
Can you help me find dates for events?	4
I would like to find an event.	4
I am interested in finding the dates for certain events.I have heard that Lizzo is very good.	4
I am interested in looking for events in LAX. I heard the Sparks VS Storm is pretty good.	4
I want to see The Struts in San Diego. Can you find me the dates for the event?	4
I am in need to find a bus, so help me search for one!	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Could you find me a bus to SD on march 11th?	2
Please get some Flexible bus tickets from Vancouver, BC on 8th of this month	2
I am looking to book a bus ticket for an upcoming trip. Can you help me with it?	2
Can you find me a bus	2
I need to find a bus from Sacramento, CA on the 3rd of this month.	2
Can you please help in looking for a bus?	2
I have to go on a trip to SFO on the 3rd and I need you to look for a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus to LA?	2
Could you help me looking for a bus for San Fran for three people on march 4th?	2
I need a bus ticket.	2
Find a bus for me traveling to Anaheim please.	2
I have planned my travel and I want a bus.	2
Hi! I need to find bus tickets. Can you assist me please?	2
Please help me to find a bus to Portland.	2
I have plan for a short trip for which I need to search for a bus. Can you help me to find one?	2
Could you help looking for a bus leaving from Portland, OR for two people?	2
I will be traveling and need to find a bus to take.	2
I have plan for a short trip for which I need to search for a bus. Can you search for me?	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
I need a bus, how can I get it?	2
I am looking for a bus?	2
Can you locate a bus for me, I want a Flexible ticket going to long beach for one people	2
Get me a bus will you?	2
Please search for a bus leaving from Fresno, CA.	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Do you mind helping me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus ticket? I want a Flexible ticket and I need to leave Monday next week.	2
Will you help me in searching for a bus? I wish to go to Long Beach, CA.	2
I need to finda bus.	2
Could you please help me in searching a bus moving from Vancouver, BC on the 5th? I need it for three people.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I'd like to do a bit of travelling and need help finding a bus.	2
I need to find a bus ticket.	2
I need to look for buses for an upcoming trip	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
Can you help me locate bus routes that will work for me? I need space for 2 people.	2
Hi, can you help me find a bus?	2
Hi, I looking for a bus can you help me to find a bus?	2
Please search for a bus for one to Long Beach, CA.	2
I'd like to find a bus, please.	2
I want to do some travelling. Could you please help me find a bus?	2
Can you find me a bus? I need two tickets to Seattle, WA. We are leaving on the 3rd of this month.	2
Can you help me search for bus tickets.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
Is there a bus available? There are 2 of us.	2
Can you find me a bus from LAX to Las Vegas?	2
I'm going on a trip. Could you find a good bus for me?	2
I need bus tickets for a trip from Sacramento, CA to San Fran	2
I'm going on a trip but need some bus tickets. Can you buy some for me? I'm departing from Long Beach on the 1st of this month and I need four tickets.	2
Can you help me get bus tickets to Anaheim?	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus please?	2
I need a bus leaving from Anaheim.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
I need to find a bus. Can you assist me?	2
I need a bus to Anaheim, CA.	2
I need to find a bus from Vancouver.	2
I have plan for a short trip for which I need a bus. Can you help me to find one?	2
I need help to find a bus.	2
Would you look for a bus for me?	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
I would like to find an affordable bus to go home for the holidays.	2
Will you find a bus for me?	2
Can you help me find a bus leaving from SF on the 5th	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
Can you get me to Philadelphia via bus?	2
Find me a bus from Sacramento leaving on the 7th of this month	2
I need help to find a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus ticket? I'm going on a short trip. It's for two people, leaving from Long Beach, CA on the 7th of March.	2
I am looking for some bus tickets for my trip.	2
I will have a trip, so I need help to search for a bus. I want to have tickets for four people, and I am planning to leave on 1st of this month.	2
Can you help me find a bus ticket for three people on March 13th, leaving Long Beach? I will be going to a buddy's bachelor party.	2
Hello! I'd like to find bus tickets. Can you help?	2
I need to grab a bus to NYC this Saturday.	2
Can you get me a bus to LAX?	2
Can you find me some attractions to visit? I would prefer something which is child-friendly located in SD.	17
I'd like you to help me find some attractions. I'm going to need something child-friendly.	17
Can you help me find attractions to visit?	17
I like to visit to an attractive Natural Spot. can you find the one which has no entry fee?	17
Could you show me some attractions?	17
I have to take my kid to something fun. Any ideas?	17
I would like to find something free to do in New York.	17
I want to go somewhere fun. Can you find me a place of interest in LAX?	17
Can you show me cool attractions in Anaheim, CA? Maybe something in a stadium.	17
I am interested in finding some attractions in New York .It will be nice if you can find something witch is child-friendly	17
Can you help me find some attractions worth visiting?	17
Hi, there! I'd like to know about some attractions to visit.	17
I am planning to visit some nice & interesting places. Please help me to search for the one which will also be a safe place for children.	17
I have a plan to visit some nice places like Garden. Please make a search in NYC.	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I would like to visit an attraction.	17
I want to find something to do in New York. What has no admission fee?	17
Please search for some attractions to visit.	17
Hi, I'd like to find some attractions.	17
Find me some attractions in New York City.	17
Can you show me some interesting attractions?	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions which I can visit?	17
Could you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Please find me some attractions to go see. I want New York City attractions that appeal to children.	17
Can you help me to find some attractions to visit in New York City? Im looking for stadium without entry fee	17
Can you bring me to some attractions?	17
Could you show me some Place of interest to visit in Seattle, WA?	17
I'd like you to help me find some attractions without entry fees. How about a Museum in New York City?	17
Can you recommend any attractions to visit?	17
Can you find me some tourist place to visit?	17
I'm going out this weekend and I'd like to find some attractions that are free to get in. Find something in Los Angeles.	17
I would like to find an attraction in LA. I'm looking for an Historical Landmark.	17
I want to go to LA, so I'd like to find a place of worship to visit while I'm there.	17
I would like to check some attractions.	17
I'm thinking of going to Long Beach, CA - can you see if there's anything cool to see while I'm there?	17
What are some cool places to visit?	17
Are there any attractions for me to visit?	17
I'm going on a trip soon and I want to see what interesting happenings are going on there.	17
What are interesting places to visit?	17
Will you find me attractions?	17
I would like to find a free Place of Worship in NY.	17
Find me some attractions to see.	17
Can you find me some fun attractions?	17
Can you find some attractions I could go to?	17
I want to learn some history. I'd like to see if there's an interesting museum around.	17
Hi, could you help me find some nice attractions which I can go to?	17
I would like to plan a visit to some attractions for me and my kids.	17
Can you find me some free attractions to visit in New York City?	17
Can you find me attractions to visit?	17
Can you show me free attractions? I'd prefer a historical landmark.	17
I am in a plan to visit some nice places and I need to search for some attractive places, can you find the one for me?	17
I like wildlife spot, can you show me some child-friendly attractions to visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit? I am looking for a garden. Preferably something child-friendly would be nice.	17
Can you find me some attractions that I could visit?	17
I like to see some tourist attractions.	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Hi, can you help me find something fun to do?	17
I'm looking for local attractions to see.	17
I would like to visit a Nature Preserve.	17
I am trying to find a Museum or something similar to visit. Can you help?	17
I'm looking for some attractions.	17
Could you please find some attractions to me? I wish to see something without entry fee and child-friendly.	17
I would like to find an attraction in NY.	17
I would like to find attractions in Philly.	17
Can you please show me some of the attractions to visit?	17
What are some attractions I can visit?	17
I've got my kids this weekend. I'd like to take them to a museum or something. I'd prefer it be child-friendly without an entry fee.	17
What are some attractions I can go to?	17
I would like to see some attractions I could visit.	17
I am in a plan to visit some nice and attractive places for which I need your help. Please search some nice places in LA.	17
Can you show me something to do in Sacramento, CA?	17
Find me a few attractions.	17
Do you have suggestions for attractions I can visit?	17
Can you find me a few attractions to visit?	17
I am looking for attractions to visit, maybe a wildlife spot. Can you search for me?	17
I want to find some attractions that is child-friendly.A Park will be great for me.	17
I am looking for a child friendly attraction.	17
I'm looking for attractions to visit.	17
Can you help me find attractions, preferably a Performing Arts Venue?	17
Can you me locate some events or attractions in CDMX? I wish to find something that is child friendly.	17
I'm looking for something child-friendly to do in Mexico City, is there anything interesting?	17
For my upcoming vacation, I'd like you to help me find some attractions to visit.	17
show me good attractions	17
Let's find something to do. Pull up some attractions please.	17
Can you find me some attractions that are child-friendly?	17
Will show me some of the visiting attractions?	17
Help me to find some attraction in NY.	17
I'm looking for something to do.	17
I am looking for some child friendly attractions	17
Hi, can you help me find some fun attractions or things to do?	17
Hello! I'm interested in finding some attractions to visit.	17
Can you see what interesting occasions are happening in the area?	17
Can you show me some cool places to visit?	17
Can you find me some cool attractions?	17
Can you search attractions to visit?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit, can you find some for me?	17
Can you locate some events or attractions for me?	17
Alright, let's look up a Museum for me to visit in Los Angeles please.	17
What cool attraction can I see on my trip? I am looking for a natural spot if possible.	17
Hi, are there any interesting attractions where I can go to? I am bored.	17
Is there any interesting location to visit?	17
I am looking for attractions to visit.	17
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to going some where. Can you show me some attractions in Paris France? I preferred something which is child friendly and entry free attractions.	17
I'm looking for a kid-friendly Museum.	17
I want to find some nice and interesting places to visit. Can you help me to find something attractive?	17
I need to find something for me and my friend to do. Is there a park you recommend?	17
Can you search some tourist spots to visit?	17
Help me find some attractions to visit. I would love any kind of attractions.	17
Can you find me a performing arts venue in London?	17
Can you show me some attractions I can visit?	17
I'm looking for some fun attractions.	17
I'm looking for something fun and interesting to do with a friend. Can you look for some attractions to go to, like maybe a Park?	17
Can you find me an attraction that I can visit with my family while we are on vacation?	17
get me some attractions to visit	17
We are going to Portland. Can you suggest some good attractions there?	17
What attractions are there to go see?	17
I am looking for a Museum to visit.	17
I'd like to check out some tourist attractions.	17
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to go some where, Could you show me some attractions in new York city? I am looking for a park.	17
I am looking for child-friendly attractions.	17
I'd like to find attractions to visit.	17
Are there any fabulous places to visit?	17
Ok, I'm looking for some attractions, can you help me?	17
Get some attractions to visit	17
I am looking for some attractions to visit	17
I need you to find me attractions in Kuala Lumpur.	17
Where are the happening spots to visit?	17
Could you show me some attractions to visit, preferably something which is child-friendly?	17
I want to have some good time, so can you tell me about some attractions which I can visit?	17
I need some good visitor attractions.	17
Hi there, are there any attractions which I can visit?	17
I'm going out with some friends this weekend. Can you help me find some attractions that would be fun to visit?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit. Something That would be good for kids.	17
I want to know about some attractions to visit in LA.	17
I need to visit some attractive places for which I need your help.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
Do you have any suggestions for attractions I can go to?	17
Hello, can you please give me a list of attractions I can visit?	17
I need some help finding some performance venue attractions.	17
Can you find me some garden attractions that are kid-friendly in London, England?	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Hello, can you please help me find some attractions to visit? I am hoping to go to a theme park in Phoenix.	17
Will you find me attractions?	17
Can you help me find some good attractions?	17
I'm looking for something to do	17
Find some great Museum attractions to visit in New York City please.	17
I'm being a tourist in a new city. Can you find me a Historical Landmark I can visit in SFO?	17
Can you find me some attractions worth visiting?	17
I want to search for some nice events in SF. Can you search the one for me?	17
Help me look for attractions I can visit. Preferable something with no entry fee.	17
I'm going on vacation soon and still do not have an itinerary planned. Can you help me find some attractions to visit?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
Do you have any attraction you can recommend?	17
Please find me some attractions that I can visit.	17
I want to visit some fun places.	17
Can you show me some child-friendly attractions to visit?	17
Hello! I'd like to find something to do. Can you help?	17
As i am preferring a museum will you please look for some visiting attractions?	17
Hi there, could you help me search from some nice attractions in the area of SD?	17
Can you find me some child-friendly attractions, preferably a Museum?	17
I am looking for some attractions to visit with some friends.	17
How will be the weather in SD on March 7th?	19
What's the weather going to be in San Pablo on the 6th of March?	19
I want to check the weather	19
I'd like to check the weather	19
I wonder if its a good day to go outside. What is the weather like?	19
What is the weather?	19
How's the weather in San Francisco on March 13th?	19
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 5th, in Vancouver.	19
Can you check the weather in London on 12th of March?	19
Please help me to check the weather condition in KL.	19
I want to check the weather in Lagunitas.	19
What's the weather in Saratoga?	19
Hey, what's the weather gonna be in Sacramento on the 1st of March. I need to know if I should buy a coat.	19
What's the weather forecast for Anaheim on March 5th?	19
What will theweather be like in Seattle on March 5th?	19
I want to know if I should buy a coat. How's the weather gonna be in San Rafael on Wednesday next week?	19
Please tell me what the weather will be on this Saturday in San Fran.	19
Tell me the weather on March 8th for Vegas.	19
i need to know about the weather condition on March 3rd , will you find the weather on that day?	19
I wanna see what the weather is gonna be like.	19
I want to check the weather!	19
I'm going on a little day trip. Can you check the weather for me in Nairobi on March 13th?	19
I want to check the weather condition, need your help.	19
I want to check the weather in Atlanta.	19
Check the weather for Sydney for the March 2nd please.	19
I'm going on a trip soon. What's the weather like in London, England on the the 11th?	19
What will the weather be like at Half Moon bay on March 11th?	19
Hey, I wanna know the weather in Castro Valley	19
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA for March 8th?	19
What's the weather going to be on the 5th of March?	19
What's the weather in Chi-town for 14th of March?	19
I'd like to know the weather at Point Reyes Station on the 9th of this month.	19
I like to visit the place Philly on March 1st. I need to check about the weather condition there on that day. Can you help me to check it?	19
What is the weather going to be like in Chicago on this Sunday?	19
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.	19
Whats the weather going to be like in SD on March 5th?	19
Can you tell me what the weather is like?	19
Check the weather for 10th of this month.	19
Check the weather.	19
Please check the weather in Muir Beach	19
What will the weather in Ciudad de Mexico be on the the 7th.	19
What is the weather forecast March 1st?	19
Can you check the weather of San Francisco on March 14th?	19
I need to check the weather.	19
We friends are planning for a outing in Philadelphia. Is the weather there is suitable?	19
I'm going on a trip to Washington on 1st of March. Can you check what the weather is that day?	19
Check for me please the weather in Nairobi on March 14th	19
What is the weather like in New York City today?	19
I need to know what the weather will be like on March 6th.	19
What will the weather be like in Vacaville on the March 10th?	19
What is the weather like in San Diego?	19
I'd like to know the weather in Nairobi.	19
Can you please tell me the weather in Mexico City?	19
I would like to check the weather.	19
I would like to check the weather in Phoenix on March 8th.	19
Can you tell me the weather forecast in Delhi, India on the Monday next week?	19
What is the forecast for the weather?	19
I need to check on the weather in London on the the 9th.	19
I would like to check the weather at NYC on March 9th.	19
What's the weather forecast in Delhi for the March 11th?	19
I want to check the weather Condition for which I need your help.	19
Alright, let's see the weather on March 3rd in London, UK	19
I would like to check the weather.	19
What will the weather be like in Moraga on next Tuesday?	19
What's the weather going to be like in Toronto, Canada on March 12th?	19
Can you tell me what the weather in Santa Clara will be on March 5th?	19
I would like to check the weather.	19
Check for me the weather please.	19
COuld you tell me the weather in fresno, CA?	19
Can you look up what the weather will be like in Fresno on March 4th?	19
What will the weather be like March 11th?	19
What is the expected weather on March 8th in Sacramento, CA?	19
I'm thinking about visiting Montara on March 11th. What's the weather like then?	19
What is the weather forecast March 12th in Sacramento?	19
I want to see what the weather will be like on the March 12th.	19
What would the weather be like in Toronto on the 3rd of this month?	19
Please check the weather for Toronto, Ontario on March 8th.	19
I need you to check the weather for me in Antioch on March 6th	19
What's the weather supposed to be like on March 5th?	19
I need to see the weather in Ross	19
What's the weather like in Fresno?	19
Can you please check the weather for Vegas on the 13th?	19
Can you please show me some of the attractions to visit?	17
Can you find me some child-friendly attractions? I'd like something you can visit for free.	17
Please find me some attractions to visit.	17
Can you help me find an attraction?	17
I want to go to some attractions.	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Fine me some attractions to see.	17
Find me some attractions to visit	17
I want you to find me some attractions I can visit.	17
Hi, I need help finding a historical spot that is child friendly and free.	17
I'm looking for attractions go to in Paris. Do you know of a Museum that's good?	17
Can you find me attractions to visit at the museum in Washington?	17
Hey, I need to leave my house. Find me some attractions to visit.	17
Hi, Can show me some attractions to visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions?	17
I'm visiting the city and want interesting things to do there. Can you show me some attractions I could visit?	17
Find me some interesting attractions in Paris, France.	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
Can you find some attractions for me to visit?	17
I'm looking for an attraction.	17
Is there a Theme Park nearby that does not require an entry fee?	17
I want to visit something interesting, so can you tell me some attractions which I can visit? More specifically I am looking for a Tourist Attraction.	17
Could you show some attractions of visit? i am searching for museum.	17
Hello! I'm looking for child-friendly attractions in Philadelphia. Can you assist me?	17
Can you help me find some kind of attraction to visit?	17
Could you find me some attractions to go to? I'm interested in museums that are kid friendly. Find me a museum in London, England.	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
I need some attractions.	17
what are some cool attractions to visit?	17
Can you search for some attractions to visit? I would prefer something which is child-friendly.	17
Hello! Can you help me find some things to do?	17
I'm looking for an attraction.	17
I want some interesting places to visit.	17
I am searching for museum without an entry fee to visit.	17
Try to find me something free and child-friendly in London, UK.	17
Could you suggest some attractions for me to visit?	17
Can you find me a Museum to visit?	17
Can you find me a child-friendly attraction in New York City?	17
Could you find attractions for me to visit? I'm open to anything, but it should be kid friendly and in Paris, France.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to see in London, UK.	17
I'd like to be aware of interesting happenings in the area.	17
I would like to find some child-friendly attractions to visit.	17
Find me some attractions to visit like Museum and it should be child-friendly	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit in Seattle that don't have an entry fee?	17
Find me some attractions to go see.	17
Hi, I need helping finding a kid friendly museum that is free.	17
Help me please to find some attractions.A Park will be great.	17
I need help finding attractions to visit.	17
Can you help me find a few attractions to visit.	17
Hey, can you find me any child friendly attractions to visit?	17
I'm looking for something to do.	17
Can you find me song attractions to visit? I would like to look for a Park preferably and attractions in London, UK.	17
I'm going to visit the city. Can you tell me what interesting places I can find there?	17
Can you find me some tourist spots to visit?	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
Could you show some attractions of visit to me? I like something which is child-friendly and search attrations in Paris, France.	17
Can you help me to find attractions to visit with free entry in Portland	17
What is there to do around here?	17
I would like to visit an attraction	17
I want to see some interesting place, so I want you to tell me about some attractions I can visit? More specifically I want an attraction which is child-friendly.	17
I want to find for me some attractions for visit?	17
I want to find some interesting places to visit and the same will be attractive one. Help me to search for the one suits me.	17
Can you help me find an attraction to visit?	17
I want to visit some interesting place during my free time. Please help me to find some attractive places for my selection.	17
I'm looking for some kid-friendly Museum attractions in Paris. Can you show me some?	17
Please find me child-friendly attractions in Vancouver, BC, preferably performance venue type ones.	17
Find me some attractions in Sacramento, CA.	17
Is there any attractions nearby that I can visit?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I want to visit some nice and attractive places to visit which should be a child-friendly one and In need your help to find the good one.	17
I need to find some nice attractions.	17
Hello! I'm interested in finding something to do.	17
I want some attractions to visit.	17
What is there to do around here?	17
Can you help me locate some attractions to visit?	17
Could you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Can you show me any child friendly attraction to visit in london, england	17
I'm looking for some kid-friendly attractions in NY. Can you show me some?	17
Get me something fun in LA please.	17
I am looking for an attraction at a religious spot, can you help me.	17
I want to take my kids to some attractions to visit. Can you show me a child-friendly garden?	17
show attractions portland	17
Can you help me find some child-friendly attractions to visit in Paris?	17
Can you show me any child-friendly attractions, preferably without an entrance fee. I'm really looking for a religious spot.	17
Could you show some attractions to visit and i want something which is child friendly.	17
I am interested in visiting some places in London, England, maybe a Museum.	17
I am going to be visiting NYC and am looking for some fun places to go.	17
I want to search for some attractive places to visit. Can you help me to find something suit to me?	17
Could you please find some attractions to visit which is child friendly.	17
Hey, can you show me some attractions to visit? I need to leave my house.	17
can you show me cool places to visit?	17
I am looking for somewhere to visit of interest.	17
Will you find a Historical Landmark in London, England?	17
Can you show some attractions to visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit that doesn't have an entry fee and is kid-friendly? I'm looking for a Museum.	17
I want you to find me some attractions that I can visit. I want the attraction to welcome children, and for it to be in KL.	17
Can you find some attractions for me to visit?	17
I am a little bored. I want to go to a historical spot, is there anything interesting to visit?	17
Any good tourist traps out there.	17
What is something cool to visit?	17
Can you find some interesting attractions in the area?	17
I am interested in visiting nearby atttractions.	17
Will you find attractions?	17
I am looking out for a museum attraction in LA.	17
Can you find me attractions to visit?	17
I want to find some nice and attractive places to visit. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit? I'm looking specifically for a Museum.	17
I want to see some attractions.	17
Could you please show me some attractions to see?	17
I wish to see some attractions which are child friendly. Search attractions in London, England.	17
Please help me to find some attractions to visit.	17
What are some fun things to do?	17
As i like entree free events like child-friendly, can you look for visiting attractions?	17
Hello, I have a couple of days for vacation and wish to go for some attractions. Please can you list me some attractions to visit?	17
Hi, I would like to go Las Vegas. Could you help me to find some attractions to visit there without entry fee?	17
Give me some attractions.	17
I'd like to find some free child-friendly stuff to do.	17
I want to have a good time, so please tell me about some attractions I can visit.	17
I want to spend my leisure time by visiting some nice places. I need your help to find the good one.	17
I'm looking for some attractions in Paris. Can you find me something child-friendly? Preferably without an entry fee.	17
Can you help me find so child friendly attractions?	17
Please find me some attractions.	17
Can you help me find attractions in Long Beach, CA.	17
Can you find some child-friendly place to visit?	17
I am looking for some child-friendly attractions.	17
Could you show me some attractions of visit in New York?	17
Could you show me some kid friendly attractions?	17
Please help me find some attractions to see.	17
I would like to visit a Historical Landmark.	17
Recommend attractions please.	17
Im looking for child friendly attractions can you help me?	17
Could you please show some attractions to see?	17
I'm looking for attractions to visit. I'd like a Place of Worship	17
Can you help me to search attractions to visit?	17
Please find me some attractions.	17
Please help me find attractions to visit.	17
I'll be in Paris in March and need to find attractions to visit. Any suggestions?	17
Find me some attractions?	17
Can you please show me some attractions to visit?	17
What are some attractions you can reccomend?	17
Could you please show me visiting attractions?	17
get me places of interest?	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit in Sydney, NSW?	17
Is there anywhere fun to visit?	17
Can you help me find attractions in SD especially child-friendly?	17
what are some attraction i can visit	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
Give me some suggestions of attractions I could visit.	17
I am looking for an attraction to visit, specifically a museum.	17
Could you please find me some attractions to see?	17
I'd like to find some kid-friendly attractions in London, England.	17
I'll be in London, England on vacation and I'd like to see some of the sights. Can you suggest some attractions to visit? Something kid friendly?	17
Can you help me find some kid friendly attractions that are free?	17
Can you help find some interesting things for me to visit?	17
can you find me some tourist spots to visit?	17
I'm looking for an attraction.	17
Any attractions you can recommend me?	17
Can you find any attractions worth visiting in London, UK? Anything is fine.	17
Could you please show me some attractions at SF? It should be a child-friendly place.	17
Could you find me a religious spot to visit?	17
Can you help me find some attractions to visit? I'd like something with free entry and child-friendly.	17
Can you suggest some attractions to see?	17
I'd like to see some attractions.	17
I'd like to see some attractions that I should check out.	17
I would like to visit an attraction	17
Can you help find me some attractions to visit? Preferably in Sydney.	17
Can you find me some attractions?	17
Pull up kid friendly attractions, I would prefer a Museum please.	17
What kind of fun stuff is there to do in district of Columbia?	17
I'd like your help in finding some attractions without an entry free. Preferably it would be child-friendly.	17
I am looking for some child-friendly attractions to visit, like a museum.	17
Could you show me some attractions to visit?	17
Please search for attractions in NY.	17
Will you find a mall in Sydney, Australia?	17
I need to find some free attractions in Seattle. Any kind will do.	17
Could you show me some child friendly attractions to visit in paris, please?	17
I want to have some good time, so can you tell me some attractions which I can visit?	17
I'm looking for attractions to go visit.	17
I'm looking for some kid-friendly attractions to visit in Toronto.	17
I am in a nice mood and I like to visit some attractive places for which I need your help.	17
Can you find me some cool attractions in the District of Columbia	17
Hi, I need a help, i feel boring now, i am planning to go some places for mind refreshing, Could you tell me some attractions to visit?	17
Could you find some attractions at LA? I am searching for a Museum?	17
Can you find me some place of interest that is child friendly?	17
I'm looking for an attraction to visit.	17
Will you find me a Museum?	17
I'm planning a day out, can you find me something cool to see?	17
I am looking for some attractions in LAX	17
I'm going on a trip soon, can you look for some cool attractions to visit?	17
Hello! I'm interested in finding something to do in the area and I don't have much to spend. Can you find me something without an entrance fee? I'm open to any kind event.	17
I'm going to be visiting the city soon and want to know what fun stuff can be done there. Can you look to see what's there?	17
Can you find me some attractions?	17
I'm looking for some free attractions to check out.	17
Can you show me some attractions?	17
Hi, I need a help, i am feel boring now, Could you show me some attractions to visit?	17
I'd like to look up some attractions to see.	17
Can you find me some attractions that are free?	17
Now that I've decided to go visit my friend out of town, I need to find some nice places to go for her birthday. How about checking on some popular attractions, please?	17
Can you show me some child-friendly attractions to visit?	17
Can you find some cool attractions for me?	17
Please help. I want to visit some attractions.	17
Will you find me attractions in San Diego?	17
Hello! I'm interested in finding some things to do. Do you have any recommendations?	17
Can you find me something to do in Sydney?	17
I want to have some fun, so can you tell me about some attractions I can visit?	17
I'm interested in looking at a museum. The whole family will be visiting it, so do you know of any around that are child-friendly?	17
Please find me some child-friendly attractions at a stadium in New York City.	17
Can you find me some attractions in London, preferably child-friendly ones?	17
I want to have some fun, so I want to find some attractions to visit. I want for the attraction to be free, and the kind of the attraction to be a Place of Worship.	17
I'm looking for attractions I can go to in Paris, France. And it would be great if they're kid friendly.	17
Can you help me find attractions to visit?	17
What are some attractions I can go to?	17
What things are there for me to see?	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit without an entry fee?	17
Can you help me find some attractions to see?	17
I need help finding child-friendly attractions please.	17
Can you show me attractions I can visit?	17
I'm looking to check out some fun attractions.	17
What attractions can I see?	17
I would like to visit some attractions.	17
I really want to appreciate the history of Atlanta. Can you find a historical landmark there?	17
Can you show me some attractions i can visit? Anything is cool.	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit in my spare time? I want to visit somewhere that's child-friendly, like a museum.	17
Can you find me some child-friendly atttractions to visit please.	17
I want to go to the museum please.	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit. I want to go to a Performing Arts Venue in Toronto, Ontario that doesn't have an entry fee.	17
What's there to do around here?	17
Are there any nice attractions?	17
I'm interested in going to see an attraction soon. Tell me about a few good ones.	17
Can you show me some child friendly attractions without a entry fee?	17
Can you find me some attractions I can visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions to visit?	17
I'm going around town with the whole family. I want to see what child-friendly attractions are available in Chi-town. The specific type doesn't matter.	17
I am looking for a place of interest to visit.	17
I am trying to find an event or attraction to visit. Can you help me find one?	17
Hi there, could you suggest some nice attractions which I can visit please?	17
Can you tell me some attractions to visit?	17
Is there a child-friendly attraction I can visit, anything will do really?	17
I'm looking for some fun attractions in New York.	17
My bonus is bigger than I thought this month, so I'm ready for some entertainment. What attractions do you show that are coming up?	17
Show attractions.	17
I'm looking for some interesting attractions to visit, specifically a Museum. Can you help me find any?	17
I want to find an attraction in Kuala Lumpur please.	17
I would like to find attractions to visit with no entrance fee.	17
Can you find me some events to go to? A museum in Washington D.C. would be good.	17
What are some local attractions?	17
There has been lovely weather recently and I'd like to plan a day out, can you help me search for fun places to visit?	17
can you show me cool places to visit?	17
I would like to visit an attraction	17
Any good theme park in Toronto, Ontario?	17
Find me some attractions to see.	17
I want to find some child friendly attractionin the District of Columbia.	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit.	17
I want to know about some attractions I can visit.	17
I need to get out. Can you show me some attractions to visit?	17
can you list some places to visit?	17
Will you find attractions?	17
I'm looking for NY attractions.	17
My grandchildren are visiting soon and I'd like to find somewhere child-friendly to take them. I was thinking a museum would be fun.	17
I want to go somewhere. I want to visit something interesting, what is there around?	17
Can you find me some good attractions I can see?	17
I would like somewhere to go in Chicago that would interesting for my kids.	17
Can you find me a cool attraction that I can take my little brother to?	17
I am looking for some attractions to visit with my mother.	17
Can you search any child friendly place of interest?	17
Could you find some child friendly attractions for me to visit?	17
Can you please show me visiting attractions?	17
What are some attractions I can visit?	17
Can you help me to find some attractions that are free to the public?	17
Are there any attractions that might interest me?	17
Can you show me a Museum to visit in London, UK?	17
Find attractions without an entry fee.	17
I want to have some good time, so tell me about some attractions which I can visit!	17
Could you show me some attractions in London? I'd like some without a fee.	17
What are some attractions nearby? I want to see a shopping district. I don't want to have to pay to get in.	17
I need your help to find some attractions to see.	17
Can you show me a museum in San Francisco?	17
Can you show some attractive Museum to visit?	17
Can you show me a few attractions to I can go visit?	17
I'd like to find a beautiful place of worship in London, UK	17
Can you find some attractions to visit?	17
I have vacation coming up in March, and would like help finding attractions to visit.	17
I am wanting to go have some fun. Can you help me find some attractions I could go to?	17
I am new in town. Help me find attractions to see in London.	17
My vacation is coming up and I want to plan my itinerary. Can you help me find some attractions or activities to do?	17
There has been great weather recently, so I'd like to find something fun to see in NYC.	17
Give me some suggestions for upcoming attractions.	17
Find me some attractions to visit please.	17
Can you show some attractive places of visit?	17
Hi, Could you help me to find some attraction to visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions in Paris.	17
I'd like to visit some attraction	17
Hi there, could you help me search for a free child-friendly attractions which I can visit?	17
I need some help, I want to visit a Museum without any entry fees, see what you can find please.	17
Can you find me a good attraction?	17
I would like to see some tourist attractions.	17
I'm going on a business trip and will have a little extra time. Can you help me find an attraction that falls under the Place of Worship category?	17
I would like to have some good time, so I want to find some attractions to visit. More specifically I want an attraction to be free, and for it to be located in NY.	17
I want to do something interesting so can you tell me about some attractions which I can visit?	17
Could you show me some attractions I might like to visit?	17
I have some time to spend useful and I need to visit some interesting places as well as attractive one and please search for a nice place in Phoenix, AZ for me.	17
Can you show some places of attractions to visit? i am interested to look for a park.	17
The weather has been wonderful recently, so can you find me some attractions to go and see whilst the sunshine lasts?	17
I'd like to visit a museum in Philly.	17
Can you search attractions, preferably a museum?	17
I would like to visit some tourist attractions in NYC.	17
Find me some attractions in LAX.	17
I would like to find some attractions to visit in Philadelphia.	17
Coud you please show me some attractions to visit?	17
I would like to find some attractions in Washington.	17
Hi, i need a help, i am interested to go some where, Could you show me some attractions to visit in Toronto.	17
I'll be in Malaysia with my son and would like to visit Place of Worship attractions that are child-friendly.	17
Would you please show me some visiting attractions?	17
Can you let me know some attractions to visit?	17
Find me some attractive things to visit	17
Will you find me attractions?	17
I'm bored. Can you show me some attractions I can visit?	17
Can you help me find fun attractions without fees in London, UK?	17
I need some bus tickets.	2
Hello! Can you help me find bus tickets?	2
I am looking for tickets on a bus to San Francisco.	2
I'm looking for some bus tickets to purchase. I'm going on a trip on the 13th of this month.	2
I need some bus tickets.	2
I need some bus tickets. Can you help me buy them please.	2
Hey, I need to get some bus tickets.	2
I want bus tickets for March 5th.	2
I need bus tickets, I need Economy and I'm leaving from SD.	2
Can you get me bus tickets?	2
Can you help me find bus tickets from Sacramento?	2
Hi, I am interested in purchasing some bus tickets please.	2
Can you get me some bus tickets?	2
I need a bus ticket to sacramento, ca	2
I'd like to buy some bus tickets.	2
Can you get me some flexible tickets for four on a 07:30 bus?	2
On next Monday, I need four tickets to go to LA.	2
I want some economy bus tickets at eleven am	2
I'm looking for bus tickets from San Fran to Lax in the evening 4:30	2
I need to travel a bit. Find me some bus tickets.	2
I need one bus ticket to Los Angeles.	2
I would like to search for bus tickets.	2
Looking for bus tickets	2
My friends and I are going on a trip. Can you book Economy bus tickets for us for 11:30 in the morning?	2
Can you help me get a bus ticket?	2
I want to find bus tickets.	2
Can you help me get some bus tickets?	2
I need to find bus tickets please.	2
Find me bus tickets.	2
Get me bus tickets.	2
I need to book the tickets in a bus. Please search for the one with departure time at 5:45 in the evening.	2
I am looking for a bus ticket leaving on 6th of this month	2
Please help me find bus tickets.	2
Can you find me some Flexible bus tickets to Long Beach? I need 2.	2
Would you give me some of your time to get some bus tickets, please?	2
I'm looking for bus tickets to Sacramento leaving on the 1st.	2
I am looking for a flexible bus ticket depart at 1:30 pm	2
I need a bus ticket for eleven in the morning	2
Hi, can you check the bus schedule for me? I want a bus leaving in the morning 8. I am trying to get to Sacramento, CA.	2
I need help with searching for a bus.	2
I need to catch a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus please?	2
I'm looking for a bus. I'll be departing from Vegas.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I'm going on a trip. Can you get me a bus which departs from Anaheim?	2
I have a plan for a short trip for which I need to search for a bus. Can you help me to find the one?	2
I am in need of finding a bus, so can you help me find one? I will be leaving on 14th of March.	2
I need some bus tickets. I want to travel economy from San Diego on the 12th of this month.	2
Can you help me search for bus tickets for two?	2
I need help looking for a bus departing from Fresno tomorrow.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need to find a bus; can you help?	2
Get me Economy tickets from LAX on the 10th of March please?	2
I need a bus	2
I am looking for bus tickets for my trip.	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Please help me find a bus. I want to go from San Diego to SFO.	2
Hey, I need to go on a short trip. Can you help me book a bus ticket?	2
I need to find bus transit for the 12th of March.	2
Can you please help me look for a bus for today from Anaheim, CA to Sacramento?	2
I need to find a bus. I'd like Flexible tickets for two people and I want to leave today.	2
Please find me 1 Economy extra bus ticket.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I want bust tickets for 2 persons for the 5th.	2
I'm going on a trip with my best friend. Can you book Economy bus tickets for me?	2
I'm going to be leaving San Francisco for a quick trip pretty soon. Can you get me an economy ticket for two for a bus ride?	2
Can you find me bus tickets from Fresno? Leaving on the 11th	2
I need to search for a bus for which I need your help.	2
I want a Flexible tickets for 1 people from SD. Can you help me search for a bus?	2
I need bus tickets!	2
I'm looking for bus tickets for my trip.	2
Could you help me find a bus ticket for one? I'd like an economy extra ticket, and i leave on the 11th of march.	2
I need to find a bus to Sacramento, CA	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
Can you search for Economy extra tickets in a bus from Philadelphia?	2
I'm looking for a bus, can you help me find one?	2
Hey, can you help find me a bus, preferably something economy extra? I'm going from Philly to New York City.	2
Would you look for a bus for me?	2
I need to hop on a bus.	2
I'm planning on going on a trip soon. Can you help me look for a bus?	2
I need help looking for a bus. I'll be leaving from Sacramento, CA and I want to leave on the 13th. It's just for one person.	2
I want a bus!	2
Can you help me look for a bus?	2
I need help finding a bus for a trip I plan on taking on the 14th of March.	2
Get me a bus to Vancouver, BC	2
Can you help me buy bus tickets?	2
I am looking for a bus. Can you help me?	2
Can you help me get some flexible bus tickets? I need something that I can work with if my schedule changes - I'm leaving March 14th.	2
I feel like going on a short trip. Can you help me book a bus ticket?	2
I need help finding a bus.	2
I'm going traveling, can you help me find get some bus tickets?	2
I am looking for a bus from San Francisco to Vegas on Saturday this week.	2
I need a bus ticket for one person.	2
I want to travel to Anaheim on March 1st, so can you help me to search for Economy extra bus ticket deals?	2
I'm taking a bus trip with some family and I need some tickets. There's three of us departing from Fresno on the 11th.	2
I'm planning on going on a trip, can you help me find a bus?	2
I'm going on a trip and I need a bus. Can you find one for me?	2
Could you help me find a bus?	2
Hello! I'd like to find bus tickets, please.	2
Hi! I'm looking to travel. Can you find a bus for me?	2
I need a bus traveling from Long Beach, CA to SF.	2
Help me please to find a bus.	2
I need to get three bus tickets for the 11th of this month, I'm going to Fresno - can you help me out?	2
Please help me search for a bus.	2
Hello! I need to find a bus ticket.	2
I need to get a bus leaving from Portland, OR.	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Can you help me find a bus?	2
I need some bus information and I want a flexible ticket.	2
Can you look for a bus to Fresno, CA?	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus please?	2
I need a bus to go from Sacramento, CA to SD. I want to leave on the 7th of this month.	2
Would you mind helping me find a bus?	2
I would like to check for a bus.	2
I'm planning on going to Anaheim, CA - can you see if there's any economy bus tickets?	2
I need to take a bus from Fresno to San Diego on the 12th of March.	2
I am planning to leave form Vancouver, BC on the 9th. Could you help to find a bus?	2
I need to find a bus there will be four of us.	2
I need to get some bus tickets, can you help me out?	2
I need bus tickets for 2 people from SFO to Anaheim, CA.	2
Could you please me in finding a bus to Sacramento, CA from San Diego.	2
I want to go to Long Beach on 3rd of this month.You can help me find a bus for one people.	2
I need help looking for a bus.	2
Can you find me a bus ticket? Going to Anaheim, CA. There are four of us.	2
I need help finding a bus?	2
Will you find me a bus?	2
I need a bus for three people departing Fresno.	2
I need to find a bus to Anaheim.	2
I need to schedule a bus leaving from Washington on March 13th. Can you schedule that for me?	2
Can you assist me in finding a bus?	2
I need to find a bus.	2
Will you find me a bus for 4 people leaving from Sacramento, CA?	2
I need to catch a bus from Anaheim on the 6th of March. Can you tell me the bus times?	2
I need your help finding a bus for Sacramento, CA.	2
Hello! I'd like to find a bus to Sacramento. Can you help?	2
I want to book a bus journey for three people.	2
Could you help me find a bus?	2
I need a bus from Las Vegas.	2
I need to go visit some friends. Can you help me find a bus that leaves on Wednesday next week?	2
I'm going on a trip but don't know which bus to take, can you help me out? I'm leaving on the 9th.	2
I want to board a bus.	2
Hey, would you mind helping me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus please?	2
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus to SFO on the 4th of March, I am leaving from Long Beach.	2
Im going on a bus journey this Saturday leaving from Long Beach.	2
Can you help me find a bus for the 12th?	2
Please help me find a bus.	2
Can you help me to search for a bus?	2
I want to search for a bus from Sacramento, CA to Anaheim for which I need your help.	2
I am going to Seattle next with with a friend on Thursday next week. I need to find a bus for two people.	2
Would you mind helping me look for a bus?	2
I need you to find a bus for me.	2
I need to find a bus heading to New York City leaving on the 6th for 1 person	2
I need a bus to go to Seattle, on 6th of this month. It's for 1 people.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus which departs later today to Sacramento, CA?	2
Please find me a bus that can accommodate two people and is leaving tomorrow.	2
I need your help finding me a bus.	2
I need to find a bus leaving from Vancouver for three people.	2
Can you help book a bus ticket for me?	2
Can you find me a bus from Seattle to Portland, OR leaving on the 11th of March	2
Can you find a bus for me?	2
Can you find me a bus?	2
Could you please help me finding a bus?	2
I need you to look for a bus for two people	2
I'd like to get a bus for three people.	2
I need a bus	2
I need a bus for one from Sacramento, CA on Monday, next week.	2
Would you help me find a bus?	2
I need to find a bus. I want to leave on the 1st and I want tickets for three.	2
Can you help me look for a bus?	2
i'm looking for a bus that leaves thursday next week.	2
Some friends and I are heading to Vegas for a vacation. Can you help me search for a bus for 4 to get there?	2
I need a bus departing from anaheim.	2
Get me a bus please.	2
Could you help me find a bus?	2
I will be traveling soon and I need to find a bus ride.	2
Could you help me find a bus?	2
Can you find a bus leaving from Sacramento, CA?	2
Help me out with finding a bus.	2
Can you find me a bus ticket	2
I want to search for a bus.	2
Can you help me to find a bus?	2
I would like to find bus ticket.	2
I am looking for a bus from Los Angeles.	2
Hi there, could you help me search for a bus please?	2
I'd like your help finding a bus.	2
Find me a bus from Anaheim please	2
I'm planning to go in a group of 4 people to San Diego on Thursday next week. Can you help me find suitable options to get there by bus?	2
Can you get me a bus from Las Vegas to LAX on March 14th?	2
I'm going on a trip soon, can you help me look for any buses?	2
Will you help me find a bus?	2
Can you help me find a bus in LAX? I'm leaving on the 11th to Anaheim, CA.	2
I need to find a seat on a bus.	2
I am planning for a journey. Can you find a suitable bus?	2
Can you help me look for a bus?	2
I would like to do something interesting.I love Hip Hop.	4
Could you help me find something to do?	4
Can you find me an interesting event? I'd like to find something in Berkeley, and really like American Football.	4
Are there any interesting Baseball events around Phoenix on the 9th? I'm looking for things to do.	4
Will you find me something interesting to do?	4
I'm bored. Please find something interesting for me to do.	4
I'm bored, find something to do.	4
Will you find me something interesting to do?	4
I am in the mood for Baseball. What can you find happening in that event.	4
Can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
Find me something interesting to do?	4
Can you give me some assistance in finding interesting stuff to do?	4
Would you find me something fun to do?	4
Hello! Can you help me find a Blues event on Friday next week in the Napa area?	4
I'm looking for something stimulating to do.	4
I'm looking for something fun to do.	4
I'm looking for something fun to do on the 5th of this month. Anything going on?	4
Is there something I can do in Oakland, related to American Football and on the 13th of March?	4
I'm looking for some interesting things to do on March 1st. I really like pop music!	4
I want to find something interesting to to on Monday next week.	4
Find me an event for the 9th, maybe a baseball game.	4
Could you find me something fun to do?	4
I want to search for some nice events on the 8th. My main interest is Sports and especially Baseball. Please search for the one that suits my interest.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do in San Francisco on March 7th, preferably Sports?	4
Can you help me find a blues concert?	4
Can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
Hi. I'd like to find a concert in San Francisco and I need your help.	4
I'm interested in Pop music.	4
Can you help me find fun things to do?	4
I want to do something cool on the 14th of March.	4
I have holidays and I need to find something interesting. Can you search for anything that might interest me?	4
I would like to find something interesting to do	4
Can you help me find something fun to do?	4
can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
Could you find me something inetresting to do?	4
I'm looking for interesting Pop.	4
Help me find something fun! I like to see music live! I really like Pop music.	4
I'm looking to go to a classical concert on March 4th	4
Hello! Is there any events that's going to take place shortly, for I am looking for an interesting one?	4
I would like to find some soccer events in San Jose on the 4th of MArch.	4
I would like to find an electronica event.	4
I'm looking for things to do.	4
I would like some things to do with Music.	4
Find me some Blues events.	4
Hello! I would like to find something fun to do.	4
I would like to find some activites.	4
I am interested in seeing a soccer game.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
Can you find me some games events in San Francisco?	4
I'm looking for things to do involving Music on the 12th.	4
Hi, I'm looking for something to do. I like country and concert events. Is there anything on the 12th?	4
I am looking for things to do in SF.	4
Could I get your help finding something Music -related to do?	4
I need something interesting to do.	4
I want to find something interesting to do.	4
Can you please help me find some games in SFO?	4
I'm looking for a Music event, preferably Country, in Rohnert Park. Can you help me search?	4
I want some help finding things to do.	4
I am interested in maybe a Country event on 10th of March.	4
I like to enjoy my free time with some interesting things and I need your help to find the one for me.	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
Help me find something interesting to do.	4
Search pop music events in SFO.	4
Can you help me find Hip Hop events in Berkeley?	4
Hey! I've a long week end shooting shortly. Looking for some stuffs to work on... Do you have any?	4
I want something to do. Could you find some games for the 12th?	4
I want to have some good time, so I am looking for things to do on the 9th.	4
I am searching for things to do and searching for games.	4
I want to search for some nice events to spend my leisure hours useful. Help to find the best one.	4
I'm kinda bored. Can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
How about a little jazz.	4
I am interested in rock events in SFO.	4
Find me something to do I am looking for Sports and I love Baseball events.	4
I want to know what things are fun to do around here.	4
Can you help me find a good basketball event?	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do.	4
I'm looking for some interesting things to do.	4
Fine me some interesting events.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do?	4
I am looking for something interesting to do, can you help me with finding something? I would like something on the 10th of this month around SFO.	4
Is there anything to do on the 8th of this month?	4
I'd like your help finding an interesting activity.	4
I'm bored, what's going on around here?	4
Find me some interesting things to do.	4
It's been a while since I went out. Help me find something interesting to do.	4
I'd like an American Football event. What do you propose?	4
Can you search some interesting events?	4
Hey. Can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
I'm bored. Can you help me find something interesting to do?	4
Hello! Any interesting events in queue for I wish to attend if any good one is there?	4
Hi, can you look for interesting things for me to do?	4
Find me interesting events in New York City.	4
Can you help me find some Baseball Games to go to in New York City?	4
Can you help me find something to do that is interesting on the 3rd of March. I like Pop a lot.	4
I'm bored. Please find something interesting for me to do.	4
Hi, can you help me find something like Rock to do in NY on the 5th?	4
I like to spend my leisure time with some interesting things and I am planning to search for some Music events around New York City.	4
I am so bored. Can you help me find something to do?	4
Help me find something to do.	4
I need something to do.	4
I'm looking or something interesting, out of the ordinary.	4
I am going to SD. I would love to kill time doing something interesting on March 5th. I am a huge fan of Rock. Find me something.	4
I would like something interesting to do.	4
Hey! Do you have any interesting events coming up?	4
Could you help me find sports events to watch?	4
I'm looking for interesting things I can do.	4
I want to listen to pop on March 13th.	4
What is there interesting to do?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do?	4
I'd like to check out some Blues on the 11th of this month.	4
What's a fun thing to do?	4
I'm kind of bored, I want to know what Games are going to take place.	4
Find me something to do.	4
i am looking for something to do	4
Find something to do in Los Angeles.	4
I want to find things to do.	4
I'm looking for something to do. I'd like a pop event in SD on the 6th please.	4
I want to find something to do. I really love baseball. I would like something around SFO.	4
I want something to do	4
I am looking for things to do on the 5th.	4
I am looking for something to do in sports.	4
I am looking for a pop concert on this Sunday.	4
Get me some fun ideas in Phoenix.	4
Hi, I'm going to be traveling and am looking for something to do while I am there.	4
I'm super undecided on what to do with the family on the 14th of this month in Sydney, Australia. I just want us to do something that's fun, like go to some entertaining Games. Some help from you, my Johnny-on-the-spot, would be much appreciated. Would you please set that up for me?	4
Any baseball games in NYC?	4
I need to find an event in Philly on the 10th, maybe a baseball game.	4
I want to go to a football games on 14th of march	4
I'm trying to find interesting events to go to.	4
Can you find me some events?	4
I'm bored, let's find something to do.	4
I want to search for some nice events. Can you help me to search for the one in Toronto, Canada?.	4
I want to find something to do.	4
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find something fun to do.	4
I'd like something fun to do.	4
My friend and I are looking for an Electronica concert on March 2nd.	4
Can you help me find a Rock Concert?	4
I'm trying to find something interesting to do, preferably a Baseball game.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
I want to find something fun to do.	4
Can you help me find tickets for a Music event, preferably Rock, on the 9th?	4
Find Pop events for March 9th. I'm not sure which event so give me some options please.	4
Can you help me find something to do?	4
I am looking for stuff to do.	4
I would like to find something to do.	4
Can you help me find some music events?	4
I need something to do now.	4
I want to do something fun.	4
I want to search for an event to go to.	4
Can you please help me to find some of the interesting things that I can do?	4
could you please help me finding some interesting things to do ?	4
I want to do something fun like go to an event. I would love to go to a Pop Concert on the 3rd of this month. Could you see if there are any events on this day?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do when I get paid on the 7th of March?	4
I would like to find an entertaining activity or event	4
Can you help me find a Music event around Philly?	4
I want to do something fun next Monday, what is there?	4
I need some help locating Sports events in Philadelphia. Can you help me please.	4
I'm bored, I'd like to go to a concert.	4
I am bored out of my skull.	4
Can you find me some interesting events?	4
Can you find me some Sports events, preferably Baseball on March 1st?	4
I like Sports events: can you help me find a Baseball event?	4
I want to search some interesting events, can you find for the one?	4
I'm bored, I want to do something.	4
Find me some interesting events to go to.	4
I would like help with finding entertaining events for Friday next week in Games	4
I need you to find me something interesting to do in San Diego, I really like Rock Concert events.	4
Can you search events?	4
hi, i need a help,I like Music events, Can you help me to find something on next Thursday? I really like Blues.	4
I want to do something fun.	4
Can you help me find some interesting things to do?	4
I'd like some help finding something to do.	4
Find me some events.	4
I'm looking for interesting things I can do.	4
I feel bored, so I want you to help me find something interesting to do!	4
Find me something to go to	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do around San Fran	4
You can support me in finding something interesting.I would like to be Concert events on 14th of this month.	4
I want to do something exciting! Any events coming up?	4
Hi, i need a help, i am feeling lonely, i want to feel better, could you help me find some thing interesting to do? i need something on 8th of this month around in Atlanta?	4
What can I do on the 14th that's interesting?	4
Help me to find some interesting events.	4
Can you find me something fun to do for March 12th? I really like Rock.	4
I want to do something fun on March 6th.	4
Help me find some Music events.	4
Could you please help me in finding something around Washington D.C.	4
i like to spend my leisure time usefully. will you find some interesting thing that going to happen in and around?	4
Will you please help me find something interesting to do in the NY area next Friday? I really like Baseball.	4
I'm interested in doing something fun. Is there any sort of Concert going on sometime soon?	4
I want to find something interesting to do. I really like Games events like baseball.	4
Could you help me find any interesting things to do? I like Games events, especially American Football. Something next Tuesday would be good.	4
Find me some interesting to do	4
Are you able to find interesting activities to do around Atlanta, GA? I like Sports events, especially American football.	4
I'm bored. Can you suggest something interesting to do?	4
Can you find me something fun to do in Portland, OR?	4
As i like sports events i need you to search some thing interesting for me.	4
I have nothing to do. Can you find me something on the 1st?	4
I'm trying to find a fun event to attend.	4
I would like to search for some interesting events for which I need your help.	4
I like Baseball, I'm looking for something to do tomorrow around LA	4
I'm bored. Can you look for a fun activity nearby?	4
I am looking for something interesting to do.	4
I have some free time and am looking for something interesting to do.	4
I need help finding something to do.	4
I need some help finding something to do.	4
Please find me something interesting to do.	4
I want to find something entertaining to do so I would like you to help me find something. I will be around New York City so I would like for the event to be there, and for the event to be a Concert one. I enjoy Country events.	4
Can you help find some interesting things to do?	4
I will be meeting up with a friend and we're looking for something fun and interesting to do. Can you help me look some events?	4
I am looking for an activity for 4th of this month. I enjoy Games events.	4
Would you be able to help me find an event to attend?	4
Find me a concert to see!	4
I am so bored right now. Can you find me something to do in Anaheim?	4
I'm looking for interesting things to do in Atlanta, Ga. Maybe Games to attend.	4
Find me something interesting for me to do.	4
I'd like your help finding an interesting activity for me.	4
I am somewhat bored so I want you to help me, to find something interesting to do. What I am looking for is something around Phoenix, AZ. I will be free this Sunday, and I usually enjoy watching Baseball.	4
I'd like you to help me find a Games event on the 13th.	4
Can you help me find a Concert for the 4th of this month?	4
Please find me an interesting Football event taking place on the 1st of March.	4
I've got some leisure time, and want to look for music events to go to.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do with a friend. Can you find any Music events happening around Berkeley on the 5th of this month?	4
I am planning to go to some interesting event. Help me out?	4
I'm bored, let's find something interesting to do.	4
I'm done with my business meetings in the UK, and want to go out tonight. Please find me a Concert to attend.	4
Could you help me find something interesting to do? I like country music.	4
I need help finding an international music event.	4
I'm looking for a games event? What do you have?	4
I would like to find some exciting events to attend. I am particularly fond of Baseball	4
Find me something interesting that I would like.	4
I need you to find me something interesting to do. I really like Games events.	4
Can you help me find something interesting to do on the 12th?	4
I need to find something fun to do.	4
Can you find me some Games events around Anaheim, CA?	4
Help me find interesting events.	4
I want to find something interesting to do on the 11th, I like events that involve Games and Baseball.	4
Hello! I'd like to find something to do. Can you tell me what upcoming events are happening around here?	4
I'd like something fun to do, please help.	4
I'd like to find something interesting to do on the 13th of this month. I'd particularly like some Rock Music events. Can you suggest something?	4
Hi there! Could you help me to find a concert on the 2nd of March which is held in New York?	4
lot of pressure and tension in my job and i need some relaxation . Find me some good interesting things going to happen near by?	4
I want to find something to do.	4
I'm looking for interesting things to do in Berkeley.	4
I am so damn bored. Is there anything to do?	4
My dad is visiting this weekend and I'd like to take him to a football game if possible.	4
I'm bored. Can you find me something fun to do?	4
I am looking for something interesting to do.	4
I am free next Monday. I want to occupy myself with something fun. Can you look up games, especially Soccer events?	4
I have the 14th of March off work and would like to find something to do.	4
I want to do something. Can you find me a Music event in Atlanta, GA in the 3rd of March?	4
I'm looking for something to do, can you help me out?	4
I want to see some Games on the 8th of this month.	4
Help me find something to do.I want to be on 6th of this month .I really like Football events.	4
Hi there! Could you look for some interesting things I can do in ATL?	4
I'm in the mood to go do something in Vancouver. Look up things to do on the 4th, please.	4
Im looking for some things to do	4
I would like to find some nice events, please search for me.	4
I'm wanting something in Seattle, WA.	4
I've got some free time, I'd like to find a way to spend it!	4
I am searching for some things to do. I would like to do something in LA regarding Music. I would like it to be on the 2nd of March.	4
I want to do something.	4
I am interested in sports and that too around Vancouver, BC on March 9th.	4
Hi there, could you help me find some interesting things to do?	4
I need to get out and do something.	4
Can you help me find something to do?	4
Anything going on in SF?	4
Life isn't very exciting right now. I want to see if there's anything fun I can do!	4
I like jazz events and I'm looking for Concert in Long Beach	4
I want to go to a Baseball or Games event in Phoenix.	4
Can you find me some interesting things to do?	4
Hey, help me find things to do.	4
Hi there! I'm so bored, could you help me find some things I can do?	4
I am bored. Is there anything exciting taking place?	4
I'm so bored. I would like to get out and do something.	4
Find me some Baseball events on March 4th in Phoenix.	4
I need to find something to do tonight.	4
Can you find me some Baseball events on the 11th?	4
I am looking out for Games in Phoenix AZ.	4
I am looking for something to do. I like music. Are there any rock events around the 3rd of March?	4
I need to do something. Can you help me find some?	4
Please find me things to do	4
Find me some events that are happening on the 14th of March in San Diego.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
I want to find something to do.	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
Can you search for any Sports events in Washington D.C.? I like Baseball events.	4
I like to search for some events like Games in Philly.	4
Give me some ideas on things to do please.	4
My old friend from college is here and we're looking for a concert to go to on the 14th.	4
I am free in Philly on the 10th of this month. Find me something in Games so I could have fun.	4
Can you assist with me with finding activities?	4
I'm looking for a Rock Concert to go to on the 14th of March, is there anything out there?	4
I want to find things to do.	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
Can you help me find something to do?	4
Hello there. I need help finding things to do.	4
I am interested in games, like baseball, on March 12th.	4
I really want to get out and do something. Search things to do in NY please.	4
Can you find me some interesting things to do on 5th of March?	4
Are there any music events going on in Berkeley? I want something to do. I would prefer something international.	4
I feel sad so I want to find something to do. I am looking for an event happening on 14th of this month and for the event to be Baseball events.	4
Find me things to do	4
Can you help me find things to do?	4
I would love to check out some Blues.	4
What is going on in town?	4
I'd like to find something to do in the LAX area around March 14th. Perhaps something Hip Hop related.	4
I would like to find events and activities	4
I need something to do.	4
I'm bored! I want to something fun!!	4
I am feeling really bored. Is there any Blues event in Phoenix next Wednesday?	4
Can you find me an event?	4
i need to go for some interesting events for mind relaxation. Find me some interesting event in and around?	4
I'll be free for all of March and would like help in finding things to do.	4
I really like sports, I'd like to find a baseball game in New York.	4
Hey, could you help me search for some things I can do?	4
Please find me a fun thing to do.	4
I'm looking for something to do.	4
Can you help me find something to do?	4
I'm looking for a concert.	4
I feel like attending a concert. Can you see what rock music is being played in New York?	4
I want to do something.	4
I'm interested in finding some events in Sports.I really enjoy Baseball events.	4
Hey, I'd like to go to an Electronica music event in Philadelphia, can you help?	4
I have a promise to keep and need your help with it before I go to sleep. Mom and dad want me to find some fun things for them to do on the 12th of this month in Vegas for their anniversary. Would you mind helping me with that, please?	4
I'll be in Oakland on the 13th of March and I am looking for things to do. Could you help me find some, please?	4
I am looking for stuff to do, particularly Games.	4
I'm looking for something to do on the 12th.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do on March 14th?	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
I am looking for something to do in games.	4
I'm looking for something to do. Can you find me anything involving Sports?	4
I'm meaning to travel. Can you get me some bus tickets?	2
I need bus tickets from LA to Fresno, CA at 6:30 in the evening please.	2
I would like to search for bus tickets.	2
Help me find bus tickets. I'm departing from Fresno.	2
Hey! Nancy! Please can you help me to get bus tickets?	2
I want to buy bus tickets for four people. We are leaving from Fresno, CA at 9:15 am.	2
I'm looking for bus tickets leaving LAX at 17:45.	2
Can you help me get some bus tickets?	2
Could you please help me in getting bus tickets?	2
I want to buy bus tickets, for a bus which leaves at afternoon 1:30.	2
I want to get bus tickets.	2
I want to buy bus tickets for March 13th.	2
I'm going to head out not too long from now. Can you get me an economy ticket for a bus that departs at 9:30 am on the 10th of this month?	2
Hello! I wish to have tickets in the bus that is departing from Long Beach at morning 8:45 and reaching SD.	2
I am looking for bus tickets.	2
I need 4 bus tickets from Washington for later today.	2
I'd like to get bus tickets for two.	2
I am looking ffor a economy extra bus ticket for 1 people leaving from sacramento, ca	2
Can you get me bus tickets for the 6th of this month?	2
I want to find a bus to Long Beach. I like to prefer Economy extra class tickets on that bus and I need to book it on next Monday.	2
Hi, could you help me search for some bus tickets please?	2
I want to buy one ticket to Los Angeles.	2
I need to buy a bus ticket, can you help please.	2
I am searching for some bus tickets.	2
Please help me find bus tickets, I need to visit a family friend.	2
I'm looking to buy a bus ticket.	2
Can you get me some economy class buss tickets? I'm going on the 1st and want a bus which leaves at 3:45 in the afternoon.	2
I want to head to San Diego by bus at 6:45 in the evening, find me tickets please	2
Im searching for bus tickets	2
I need some bus tickets leaving at 10:45.	2
Hello, I'm looking for bus tickets to go on a trip.	2
I'm looking for some bus tickets leaving on the 1st.	2
Can you help me purchase bus tickets for the 3rd of March?	2
I need bus tickets.	2
I want bus tickets for 6:15 in the evening.	2
I need to find some bus tickets, please.	2
Hey, so I need some tickets for a bus trip.	2
I want to head to Fresno on a bus.	2
Pull up bus tickets. I will need flexible tickets for three people please.	2
Hey, can you help me find some bus tickets?	2
I need to finish getting some plans together for my upcoming trip. Can you book me 3 Economy bus tickets for the 7th of this month?	2
Hi! Can you help me find an electronica concert in ATL?	4
I'd like to do something interesting. Can you help me?	4
I'm traveling and I'm looking for something fun to do on March 14th.	4
Hi. Can you help me find an event?	4
I want to know if there is anything to do.	4
Help me find Sports events please.	4
I want to do something fun. Suggest me any events.	4
What's there to do?	4
I'm looking to find an activity	4
I'm entertaining some clients this week and I need something interesting to do. Can you help me?	4
I'm kinda bored and I'd like to maybe go to a Music event. Do you know if there are any good Blues events happening in Brisbane?	4
Give me some ideas on something fun.	4
Can you find me a Country event for tomorrow?	4
Find me some interesting events.	4
Can you find me some Concert events, preferably Blues on the 14th of this month?	4
Can you help me look for some interesting events around SD? I would like to go to a Concert.	4
I'm looking for something on the 11th of this month.	4
I want to go out and do something. Can you look for a fun event nearby?	4
I need something to do with myself - I would love to find Baseball around the District of Columbia.	4
I like American Football: is there anything interesting on the 6th?	4
I'm bored and looking for something to do. Can you help me?	4
I want to find something to do.	4
I've got company coming around the 13th of this month and I'd like to do something interesting. I'd really like to take them to Pop if it's coming to Chi-town.	4
Let's find something to do.	4
I need something to do	4
Help me please something interesting to do on March 1st.	4
Can you please tell me a concert event in chicago?	4
I'm bored. Can you find me something fun? Maybe a sports game? I need something in Philadelphia.	4
Could you help me find something fun to do?	4
What would be something interesting to do?	4
I need help finding something interesting to do.	4
Help me find some interesting events.	4
Hello! I'd like to find something to do. Can you help?	4
I want to find some interesting Games events.	4
I am looking for games events in Los Angeles.	4
Could you help find some interesting stuff to do? I like Games events, particularly Baseball. Something on the 6th is good.	4
I need you find me something intesting to do. I need something in the SD area on the 13th. I really like Rock.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do Tuesday next week. I'd like to find Games around Seattle.	4
I'm bored. Can you find me something fun to do?	4
I want to relax from my routing office work so please find me some interesting things that is happening in and around?	4
Find me interesting events?	4
Can you find me some interesting events on the 4th of this month.	4
I am new in this place, can you help me find things to do specifically at Chi-town?	4
Please find me something interesting to do on 6th of this month around Seattle, WA	4
I would like to get some ideas for interesting events taking place	4
I have some extra time on my hands since my hours got cut. Can you find me a concert to attend.	4
I would like to find an interesting event?	4
I want to go to a Concert like Electronica around Los Angeles.	4
I want to distract myself from my problems, so I would like you to help me find something interesting to do.	4
I'm looking to find some interesting things to do, help me out.	4
Can you find me some Pop events on the 13th around San Francisco?	4
I'm bored! I want to do something cool! Is there anything fun on the 5th of this month?	4
Hi there, are there any interesting events which I can participate in? Would prefer Electronica, thanks!	4
Hi, i need a help, I like concert events, can you help me to find any events on march 3rd, I am looking around in new York	4
Can you find me something interesting to to on the 14th of this month in New York City?	4
I am looking for something interesting to do. Particularity Games events. Can you help me?	4
I do like baseball and i want you to search something to do on March 8th around LA.	4
Can you find something interesting to do in Toronto, Canada on the 13th of March?	4
Can you help me find a Games event? Possibly an American Football game for this Sunday?	4
I am in the mood to go out. What fun activities are there?	4
I'm hoping you can help me find some Concert events in New York City. I'd like to see a Country show.	4
Is there anything to do? I am feeling so bored.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do around New York.	4
Find me some pop music events in London, UK	4
Yo Man, anything interesting going on?	4
Can you find something interesting in LAX for me to do?	4
I just need to get out of here. What is happening.	4
Can you do some favor for me ? Some thing interesting i want to do. I like American Football very much and searching for something around Stanford.	4
Can you find me an American Football activity around Stanford?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do?	4
I like to search for some events like American Football in Atlanta, GA. Can you help me to find some one for me?	4
Can you find me a concert on the 5th in the ATL?	4
Find me something interesting going on in Philly.	4
I need something fun to do.	4
Can you please help me in some interesting things in LA?	4
my friends are coming to my home and i would like to do some interesting things. Will you find me concert events on day after tomorrow in and around?	4
I've got friends visiting and I need help finding something interesting to do. Can you help me?	4
What can I do that's fun? I am looking for things on March 13th.	4
Help me out by finding me interesting things to do.	4
I am looking for something fun to do.	4
Can you find me something to do that's interesting on the 5th of this month around the District of Columbia?	4
Find me a place to go on the 8th involving Football and Sports.	4
I am terribly bored. Find me some event.	4
I am so damn bored?	4
Hi, I need a help, i feel boring now, i am interested to some things to do, Could you find some events for me on march 1st?	4
Where's the fun, my friend? Work your magic and find me a fun outing for the 13th in London, England, please.	4
Help find an event for me.	4
I am looking for things to do in District of Columbia, on 14th of this month. I'd like a Concert	4
I'm looking for events on the 5th.	4
I would like to find music events in Philadelphia please.	4
What's going on on the 4th?	4
I'd like to take my fiance on a date this weekend. Can you help me find something to do?	4
I'm looking for a Sports event.	4
Hi! I'm looking for something to do in the area. Can you help?	4
I am looking for event suggestions because I can't think of any.	4
I'd like to find something to do.	4
I'm paying a visit to NYC today. Can you tell me what interesting things are happening there?	4
I need to get my mood up so I am looking for something to do. I would like to attent some Games event. More specifically I would like to attend a Baseball events happening in Chi-town.	4
Can you find me some interesting things to do?	4
I'd like to find something to do in my area. Can you help me?	4
I'm trying to plan something fun to do with a few friends. Can you look up what's going on these days?	4
I need something entertaining to do. I usually enjoy Football events.	4
I like to search for some good events to do and I need your help to find the best one for me.	4
I'm looking for things I could do.	4
I need to get out more. Can you find me something to do around here?	4
I am looking for a Rock Concert later today.	4
I'm looking for some interesting Christian events to go to on March 8th. Can you help me look for some?	4
I want to do something. Can you help me find something to do?	4
Find games in Chi-town on the 6th of March.	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
I'm on the hunt for a fun outing, Oh smart one. Can we give it a go together?	4
I have a message for you from Jim. He wants you and me to have some information all sorted out when he gets home. We need to find something fun for him to do for getting good grades. Are you in?	4
I am looking for a Sports event on the 11th of this month, and I like Baseball.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do on the 12th of this month. Can you help me find something?	4
I am looking for things to do. I would like to do something on the 8th that is Music related.	4
Can you find me some Pop events?	4
I want something to do. MI want soccer events at Atlanta.	4
I am really bored and want to do something. Check if there is anything on the 5th of this month.	4
I'd like to find some games in Seattle, WA preferably on march 8th.	4
Can you find me some interesting things to do?	4
I'd like a few options on something to do.	4
I'm bored. Find me something to do.	4
I need something to go do. Could you help me find an event to go to?	4
I have to spend some time in a interesting way and I need your help in this.	4
I need to find something to do in ATL.	4
I am seeking things to do, possibly in SD.	4
Find me some good interesting rock events near or in around LAX on 1st of this month?	4
I'm looking for things to do. I'd like to find a baseball game in Toronto, Canada.	4
I am looking for something to do.	4
my relatives are coming to my home , to engage them i need to find some interesting things. Find me some good interesting events going to happen near by?	4
I am looking out for few things to be done.	4
I am searching for something on 10th of March at Seattle, WA. I love Soccer events.	4
I would like to look for some activities.	4
I have a friend visiting soon. Can you see what Music events are happening right now?	4
I'd like to go to a sports game, ideally a football game, on March 9th. Can you find me some options?	4
This is not exactly an everyday type of task, but I know you can pull it off. What's your idea of some fun things to do?	4
I am so bored right now. Find me something to do.	4
I feel kinda bored. Please help me find a pop concert event.	4
I'm looking for some things to do.	4
I'm bored today. Can you suggest something fun for me to do?	4
Are there any music events going on in NY soon? I feel like doing something fun.	4
In Toronto, Ontario, I am searching for Sports and I love Baseball events.	4
I am in Seattle, WA and feel like going to a Baseball event.	4
Please find me Football events taking place on March 7th, in LA.	4
Let's move forward with planning something fun to do. Can you tell me about something that's happening in Stanford, please?	4
I'd like to find an event to attend please.	4
Can you help me find a Pop event sometime on the 9th of this month?	4
On later today, I am searching for something in Los Angeles. I love Jazz.	4
I want to find some interesting events.	4
I need to have fun. Find me Baseball games.	4
Can you help me look for some Baseball matches?	4
I am looking for an activity in San Diego for Monday next week. I enjoy Pop events.	4
I want to something fun. I want to see a concert in San Diego on March 12th.	4
I like to do some interesting things to do and I need your help.	4
I want something to do.	4
Okay, I want to do something fun. Would you walk me through some options, please?	4
I need some excitement this week. Can you see what's happening around here?	4
Find me something to do.	4
I am looking for things to do in Livermore on the the 9th of this month. I like Pop events.	4
Can you check to see if there are any upcoming Games in the area?	4
Any Blues concerts happening on the 14th of March?	4
Can you find me a Concert in San Francisco on March 6th?	4
I am searching for something to do?	4
Search me some Electronica events for 10th of this month	4
I'm looking for a fantasy movie at Century Oakridge.	9
Pull up movies at California Theatre please.	9
Can you help me find an IMAX movie at the Embarcadero Center Cinema in San Fran?	9
Please help me find a movie to watch. I would like a comedy.	9
Can you help me find an imax movie to watch in the San Francisco area?	9
I'd like to find a good movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a comic movie at Livermore Cinema.	9
Help me to find a movie to watch.	9
I am bored and would like to watch a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie	9
I want to find a Drama in San Fran.	9
hi, i am interested to watch movies with friends now, could you find a good movie?	9
Please find me a 3d movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a drama movie at the Opera Plaza.	9
I would like to find a movie in Oakland. I am not particular on the kind of movie.	9
I'm looking for movies in Livermore.	9
Can you help me find a good documentary to watch?	9
I would like to watch a movie.	9
I am looking for a Life history movie.	9
Can you help me find an Adventure movie online to stream?	8
I would like to book a movie online.	8
I'm looking into streaming some kind of thriller movie. Is there anything you can find directed by Kevin Kolsch?	8
I want to watch some biographical movies	8
I'm in the mood for a Romantic movie. Can you find me one online?	8
I'd like to find online movies to watch.	8
I'm looking for some funny movies online. I like ones directed by Chris Butler.	8
Please help me find online movies, preferably Romantic ones directed by Jenny Gage.	8
I'm looking for online movies.	8
Can you find me some Claire Denis directed movies online?	8
Any good movies online?	8
I would like to find a movie to watch online.	8
I wish to search for some movies online	8
I would like to watch a movie online	8
I've been meaning to get more into drama movies, and I know Alfred Hitchcock is one of the best the genre has to offer. Can you show me one of his films?	8
I'd like to find some movies online directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.	8
I'm interested in movies online and I really enjoy movies that James Kent directs.	8
I would like to find a concert to attend in SF.	4
Can you help me find some Sports events near Philly?	4
I am looking for something to do, what interesting things are taking place?	4
Could I help you find some events for music on the 12th of this month?	4
Is there any Hip Hop events on the 12th.	4
Is there anything cool to do on the 10th of March? I love American Football and I'll be around Oakland.	4
I feel somewhat bored, so I want you to help me find something interesting to do.	4
I want to find something fun to do	4
Can you please help me to find some games events on the 6th.	4
I feel bored, so I want you to help me to find something interesting to do. I usually enjoy American Football.	4
I want to find something interesting to do on the 7th of March. I like Baseball.	4
I like Football, and I'm looking for some intresting thing around Toronto, Canada on next Tuesday	4
Can you find me some interesting Music events on March 8th, please?	4
Can you help me find something to do, preferably some Games events, especially Baseball?	4
I'm bored. Can you help with finding something interesting to do to pass the time?	4
Can you find me something Christian to do on Sunday this week?	4
I would like to find an event.	4
I'm looking for some interesting things to do on my week off.	4
Can you help me find something interesting for Saturday this week? Maybe baseball or soccer or some type of Sports.	4
i want something to do with sports on march 3rd.	4
I want to go to a Football event on Thursday next week. If there is nothing just a Sports event.	4
My dad is visiting and I'd like to find something do with him while he's here.	4
I want to attend a pop music event on the 2nd of this month.	4
I need something to do.	4
I want to go to some games.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
Can you find me some Basketball events that are happening next Wednesday?	4
I would like to find a Rock event.	4
I am a a little bored, what is there to do?	4
I am so bored out of my skull.	4
Can you help me find something to do on the 1st? I prefer games or maybe music.	4
Find me something interesting to do.	4
I want to find something to do on March 4th. More specifically I am looking for some kind of Games event.	4
Can you find me something to do on the 7th of March?	4
Hi, I'd like to find something to do.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
I would like to look for Country Events in New York City.	4
I want to do something.	4
I'm bored and need something neat to do. Can you find an international music event around Berkeley?	4
I'm looking for some interesting things to do.	4
Could you find me something fun to do? I like music events.	4
can you help me find an electronica type of event around berkeley on the 12th of march?	4
I'm looking for something to do.	4
Can you find me some interesting happenings on the 4th of March?	4
Can you find me something to do?	4
I want something to do. Look for stuff on March 11th.	4
I'd like your help finding an interesting activity.	4
I need something interesting to do, can you help me?	4
I need help finding something interesting to do.	4
I want to do something interesting. I love Music events and especially Blues. Help me find something?	4
I'm bored, anything fun going on?	4
I am looking for a concert in new york on 1st of march	4
I'd like your help finding an engaging activity.	4
Can you help me find some interesting activities? I am looking for the 9th of this month.	4
I would like to find something to do around the Oakland area.	4
Whats going on today, i'm bored. Let's search some fun stuff to do.	4
Can you help me find a concert to see in NY on the day after tomorrow?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do?	4
I want to go to a baseball game.	4
I need help looking for some fun things to, like going to Music events. I'm a fan of Jazz.	4
Can you help me find a Sports event like American Football in Oakland?	4
Will you find me something interesting to do?	4
Can you help me find things to do?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do?	4
Could you help me find an event? I'm interested in Pop in the Yountville area. Is there something on the 14th of March?	4
I need something interesting to do on the 8th of this month. I really like Sports. How about a Baseball game?	4
I need help finding something interesting to do.	4
I am trying to think of something interesting to do. Do you think you could help me with ideas and finding something?	4
I'd like to find a music event on the 13th, something international.	4
Could you help me find something fun to do?	4
Is there something interesting I can do?	4
I want to see a games, like American football sometime on Friday next week.	4
I would like to do something interesting	4
I want to see a basketball sports games on March 4th?	4
Help me search for things to do.	4
I would like to search for some things to do next Friday.	4
I am searching for things to do.	4
Can you find me something to do in SD?	4
Can you find me some interesting events?	4
I am looking for something sports wise to do in San Francisco on the 5th.	4
I need help finding something to do.	4
i want something to do.	4
I need help searching for things to do.	4
I am looking for things to do in SFO.	4
I want things to do like soccer.	4
I am bored and want something to do.	4
I want to watch a baseball game.	4
i want to do something.	4
I would like to find a baseball event to see, something in San Francisco on March 7th.	4
I'm looking for something to do in Berkeley. Can you help me?	4
I want to find things to do on March 7th.	4
I would like to find some things to do.	4
I am lookin for something to do in oakland.	4
I am looking for something to do like an Electronica event or concert on March 14th.	4
I'm looking for something to do. I'm a fan of football.	4
Find me something to do.	4
Hello! I'd like to find something to do. Can you help?	4
Please help me find things to do.	4
I'm trying to find some games.	4
I would like to find an event.	4
I want to search for some Games events like Baseball in LA. Can you find me a suitable one?	4
Find me something interesting to do in Rohnert Park.	4
Can you find me something to do on March 8th, maybe a Christian Concert?	4
Look for sports events in SF this Sunday.	4
I want to find something fun to do.	4
Help me find something interesting to do.	4
I would like to find some things to do.	4
I want to find things to do.	4
I want to watch a baseball game! I like sports. I want to watch a game on March 12th.	4
Hello! please can you look my availability in my calendar?	3
Can you tell me when I will be available?	3
When do I have availability in my schedule?	3
Please can you look into my calendar and tell me when I'm available?	3
What's my schedule availability please?	3
Hey, show me when I'm free.	3
Can you check my planner and see when I am free on 8th of March?	3
Show me when I am Available next Friday.	3
I need to know my free time slots.	3
When does my calendar show I'm free?	3
What are my free times on the 12th?	3
What is my availability?	3
Can you tell me when I have free time on my schedule?	3
I need to know when I am available.	3
Tell me when I am free.	3
Can you tell me when i am available.	3
Hi, could you tell me when am I available?	3
Tell me when I am available.	3
Am i free on 3rd of march?	3
Hey, show me when I'm available on the 2nd of March. I want to see if I can take a break.	3
Can you find out when I am free?	3
Check my availability. I want to plan things.	3
When am I available on the 12th of this month?	3
Hi, i need a help, i have some programs to do on next weeks, show me when i am available on Tuesday next week.	3
show availability now	3
When am I available?	3
I'm looking for more things to do to preoccupy my time the day after tomorrow. Can you tell me when I am free?	3
Do i have any availability on the 5th?	3
Can you show me my availability?	3
When am I available on Saturday this week?	3
What's my availability on the 13th?	3
Hi, could you tell me when I am available please?	3
Do I have free time on the 2nd of this month?	3
Show me my availability on the 3rd	3
I want to know when I am available on the 7th.	3
When do I have available free time?	3
Tell me what free time I have on the 7th of this month.	3
Pull up my availability please.	3
Tell me when I have free time.	3
Show me when I am free on the 11th.	3
Can you show me my spare time?	3
What is my availability please?	3
I haven't gone out to do something fun in a long time. Can you see when I'm free on my calendar?	3
I would like to go see my parent's this weekend and will need a bus ticket to do so.	2
I am looking for a bus	2
I want to catch the bus leaving at 6 pm.	2
Get me a bus ticket?	2
Can you help me get a bus?	2
I'm looking for a bus. I want to get tickets for 4 people on something that leaves the day after tomorrow.	2
Hi, could you help me make a bus reservation please?	2
I would like to reserve a bus ticket.	2
I need to reserve a seat on a bus. I will be leaving this evening 6.	2
I need a bus	2
I need a bus reservation.	2
I would like to reserve a bus for 1 person that will be headed to Sacramento, CA.	2
I need two tickets for a bus leaving at 07:15.	2
I got to take a bus somewhere.	2
Can you book me some bus tickets for me and my friends?	2
I need a bus to Sacramento for 1 person.	2
I'd like to reserve a bus leaving on the 5th of this month.	2
I need to get to Seattle, I'm in a hurry, my mom is sick. It's for 2.	2
I need to book bus tickets for my upcoming trip. Can you find me one that leaves around a quarter to 4 in the afternoon to Portland, OR?	2
I'd like to reserve a bus.	2
There is trip for me so that I have to leave at half past 7 in the evening. Shall I get a bus?	2
Find me a bus to reserve.	2
Please get me a seat on a bus at quarter past 5 in the evening.	2
I need to get a bus ticket.	2
I want to reserve bus tickets.	2
My group of friends is planning to travel out of town by bus and would like help making reservations.	2
Please reserve me a bus.	2
I wish to book a ticket for 2 persons at 8 o"clock in the morning.	2
I need to make a bus reservation.	2
I need to book a bus.	2
I need to reserve a seat on the bus.	2
I need to make a bus reservation please.	2
I am in need of a bus, so I want to book one. I want to arrive in Los Angeles, and I plan to leave on March 4th at 16:30.	2
I need to reserve a bus heading to SD.	2
I am in need of booking a bus. I will be leaving at 6 in the evening, and I want to arrive to SD.	2
I need to reserve a bus for my trip.	2
I'd like to reserve a seat on a bus headed to Washington.	2
I would like to buy a bus ticket.	2
I need to go on a short trip next Thursday, it's for three people.	2
I'm planning to visit San Diego, and leave at 6:45 in the morning, can you find a bus journey I can take?	2
I need to find something interesting to do	4
Can you see if there's any Baseball games on March 7th?	4
I am bored I need to find something to do in New York City. My interests are Sports and Baseball.	4
I want to find some Music events around NY for March 11th.	4
I want to find something fun on the 8th. I really love Baseball and I want you to look in the Toronto, Ontario area please.	4
I need to find something to do, is there anything interesting?	4
Please search for some fun things to do.	4
I would like to find a fun event in the Portland, OR area, like a blues concert maybe.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do. Can you help me? I really like Sports, especially American Football.	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to some things to do, Could you find some events for me? I like Music events.	4
Find me something to do.	4
Hi, can you help me find an interesting blues music event in NY?	4
I want to see a baseball game on the 10th of this month in NYC.	4
I need to look for some events.	4
Find me some Blues Concert events.	4
Can you help me find an event or something to do on 9th of March in Los Angeles? I enjoy many various things, especially sporting games.	4
I am inclined to do something fun. Is there anything interesting in Sports events? I would be very pleased with Basketball.	4
Hi, can you help me find some fun things to do?	4
I want to find something fun to do.	4
I'm looking for some interesting things to do. I like Hip Hop Concert events.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do.	4
I'm looking for some things to do.	4
Can you help me find some sports to go to? Maybe baseball in Phoenix?	4
Get me something to do in Los Angeles please. I am going to be there on March 11th.	4
I want to find things to do on 11th of March, and more specifically I am interested in Games events.	4
What is there to do? I want to see a Hip Hop event later today.	4
Can you find me some Games in Washington D.C. for next Thursday?	4
Find me something to do on the 5th of this month in SFO	4
Hello, Do you have any upcoming events?	4
I'm looking for something to do in LAX next Tuesday. I'd prefer Electronica shows.	4
Can you help me find stuff to do?	4
I want to find things to do.	4
I want to find something to do on the 3rd of this month please.	4
Hi there, are there any interesting activities I can participate in?	4
Hello! I'd like to find something to do in Oakland.	4
I am looking for something to do	4
I want to find things to do, and more specifically I am interested in Basketball events.	4
Hi, could you find me some nice activities to take part in Atlanta?	4
I need something fun to do. Can you find me some baseball games in NY?	4
I'm kind of bored and I would like you to find me something fun to do	4
I'm bored, find me something fun.	4
Help look for things to do.	4
I'm hanging out with my buddy and need to find something for us to do. Can you see what events are going on?	4
I want somewhere fun to visit.	17
I'm looking for a child-friendly attraction to visit	17
Find me an attraction I can go visit.	17
I would like to find an attraction.	17
I need to find some attractions.	17
I need to find help finding attractions to visit	17
What attractions are available? I want to visit a Park.	17
I'm traveling to Europe soon and I'd like to know some cool attractions to visit.	17
I want a fun attraction that's at a performing arts venue	17
I need to find some attractions.	17
I want you to find me some attractions I can visit.	17
I've got a day off and want to find something fun to do. Can you look up some attractions I could visit?	17
Could you tell me some attractions to go to?	17
I need some help searching for attractions to go check out.	17
Find me attractions tot visit in LA	17
I will be meeting with some friends and we are looking for something to visit. Is there anything child-friendly around? Something like a garden.	17
I'm looking for attractions.	17
Find me some attractions to visit in DC	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions that I can visit?	17
I'm looking for attractions in Delhi.	17
Find me attractions in LAX	17
I want to find something to visit in here. Are there any good Theme Park?	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
I am visiting Paris. Can you find a child-friend attraction in there?	17
I need some fun in my life. Find attractions that I can visit.	17
I'm bored. Can you find somewhere interesting for me to go?	17
I would like to see some events with my children. So find me kid-friendly attractions to vist.	17
Can you help me find a Shopping Area without an entry fee?	17
Could you show some attractions to visit?	17
Hi, i need a help, i am planning to go some where, Could you help me to find some attractions to visit?	17
I want to find a child-friendly museum in Washington.	17
Show me some attractions in New Delhi child-friendly.	17
Please help me find attractions without entry fee. I would like to try something new without spending that much.	17
I would like to visit some attractions.	17
I would like to find a child friendly attraction.	17
show some attractions	17
Help me find some attractions to visit	17
I want to find some attractions which I can visit. I would like for the attraction to welcome children.	17
Will you find attractions?	17
I'm travelling and I'd like to see some of the attractions.	17
Can you try to find some attractions for me to visit?	17
I would like to take some time off and visit some attractions	17
Can you find me attractions to visit in Anaheim, Ca?	17
Can you find me some attractions in Paris, France?	17
I want to find some attractions.	17
I'd like to visit an interesting place of worship for free.	17
can you show me some cool places to go that are kid friendly?	17
show some attractions	17
I need some help finding an attraction to visit, can you help?	17
find attractions paris	17
can you show me some cool places to visit?	17
Hey! Please can you find some attractions in KL?	17
can you show me cool places to go?	17
I want to find some attractive places to visit and I need your help to find the suitable one for me.	17
I need help finding attractions to visit.	17
Can you show me some fun attractions?	17
Do you think you could locate a Museum I could visit?	17
Fine me some interesting events to see.	17
Can you find me somewhere interesting and child-friendly I can go to?	17
The weather is finally nice so can you help me find a garden attraction to go to in San Diego?	17
I am looking for some attractions without an entry fee in Delhi, India.	17
I need to find a natural spot attraction.	17
I want to do stuff in NYC.	17
I'm visiting a new place and want to learn of an interesting natural spot I could visit.	17
I'd like to find some kid-friendly attractions to check out in SD.	17
Hello! Please can you suggest me some attractions to visit for I've a couple of days holidays this week?	17
Hi, could you help me find some attractions to visit in London, England please?	17
I am wanting to find somewhere to visit?	17
Hi there, are there any nice attractions which I can visit?	17
I need to find some attractions to visit.	17
I'd like to see attractions to check out in Ciudad de Mexico.	17
Where is somewhere nice to visit?	17
I'd like to find some kid-friendly attractions to check out in New York City.	17
I need to find child friendly museum to visit.	17
What fun attractions can I see!	17
show attractions to see	17
I'm interested in finding a Museum with free entry.	17
I want to search for some attractive places in Philadelphia. Can you help me to find some historical spot with free entrance to visit ?	17
I'm traveling overseas soon and I'd like to find some attractions to see.	17
I'm looking for some child-friendly attractions.	17
Please find an interesting child-friendly attraction to visit? Is there any museum available?	17
Please show me some attractions to visit.	17
I wish to see some attractions in LA. I wish to see something which is child friendly.	17
Find some some free attractions to see.	17
Can you find me some Historical Landmark to visit?	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions which I can visit?	17
I'm in the mood to get out and about, can you help me find something to do?	17
I want to visit some attractions	17
I'll be taking a vacation soon and I'm looking for some attractions to check out.	17
Can you help me find some attractions to visit?	17
I'm looking for attractions to see.	17
Find me some interesting places to visit.	17
I would like to visit come attractions.	17
Can you find me an attraction to visit please.	17
I'm looking for attractions I can go to, something like a museum. And I want it to be kid friendly?	17
Find me some attractions to visit?	17
I would like to find an attraction in LAX.	17
Hi there, are there any attractions which I can visit?	17
I want to find a good attraction please?	17
Hi, are there any nice attractions which I can visit?	17
I'll be in Paris for a bit. Tell me about some of the attractions to visit while I'm there. Something like a Performing Arts Venue will work.	17
I would like to visit some attractions. Can you look for a Museum?	17
Any free child-friendly tourist traps in Toronto, Ontario?	17
can you show me some places to check out?	17
I need to find a garden to visit in Toronto, Canada.	17
I'd find some attractions to check out in Paris.	17
Hi, could you help me search for a tourist attraction to visit?	17
I need to find some attractions to visit	17
I want to find an attraction to go to please.	17
What nice place can I visit?	17
I want to go visit an attraction. Is there any Amusement park to visit?	17
I am looking for some good attractions please.	17
I fancy going out somewhere to see some attractions?	17
I want to search for some nice and attractive places to visit for which I need your help to search for the good one.	17
I would like to visit an attraction.	17
I want to find child friendly attractions.	17
Can you find me somewhere interesting to visit?	17
show some attractions	17
I'd like to find some attractions to visit on an upcoming trip.	17
Can you find me some attractions, perhaps a museum?	17
I'm looking for some cool places to visit. Can you find me any interesting attractions to go to?	17
Can you find me some attractions in London?	17
I want to visit a museum in Sydney, Australia.	17
I want to know about some attractions I can visit?	17
Find me some attractions to visit.	17
Could you tell me about several attractions to go to? I'm searching for a museum, preferably those in Mexico City that are child-friendly.	17
I'm looking for some attractions to visit.	17
Hey, I need to get out more. Find me some attractions to visit in Paris, a Historical Landmark.	17
Gee, it sure is boring around here. Can you find me something interesting in the area?	17
Will you find child-friendly attractions?	17
Can you show me attractions I can visit?	17
I want to find some attractions please.	17
I'm traveling with my family to Paris, France and I'd like to see some attractions. Can you help me find things that are kid-friendly?	17
I would like to find some attractions to visit?	17
School is finally out and I would like to find some attractions to visit.	17
I want to visit an attraction. I want to find a shopping district.	17
I am interested in seeing some attractions.	17
Could you please show me some attractions.	17
I need help finding some attractions to go see.	17
I wish to see some attractions. I wish to see a Museum.	17
Find me some attractions that kids would like that are free.	17
I want to find a museum in NYC. It has to be child-friendly.	17
Hey can you find me some attractions to go to?	17
I'll be traveling soon and I'm looking for some attractions to visit in London.	17
I'm looking for an attraction I'd like to visit.	17
Can you show me attractions to visit and a mall?	17
I would like to find a natural spot to visit please.	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit in Paris? I'm looking for a Performing Arts Venue.	17
Can you please find some attractions which are child friendly	17
I would like to find an attraction.	17
can you show me some cool museum type places to visit in london, preferably free ones.	17
Give me some show attractions place?	17
Can you find some attractions for me? I prefer a garden.	17
I'm in the mood to look up some stuff to do. What can you recommend?	17
Will you find attractions in Sydney, Australia?	17
I'd like some interesting london attractions	17
Could you tell me several attractions to go to? I'm searching for a museum in London.	17
My Aunt is coming to visit and I need help finding some kind of attraction to take her to while she is here.	17
Recommend to me some attractions I can go to?	17
I want to find some good attractions please.	17
Can you show me some attractions to visit in DC? I'd like something that is child-friendly and has no entry fee.	17
I want to search for some attractive places to visit and I need your help to find the suitable one.	17
Find me some attractions to see.	17
I want to visit some attractions	17
Is there a performing arts venue I can visit, something without an entry fee perhaps?	17
I want to find a historical landmark	17
What is there to see in Chi-town? Any good Museum?	17
I need to find some attractions.	17
Hi, are there any child-friendly attractions which I can visit?	17
Can you find me some attractions for me to visit?	17
Find me something free to do in Seattle, WA.	17
Find me some interesting Museum attractions.	17
Can you help me find some attractions to visit?	17
Could you search some attractions to visit. I am looking for a Amusement park with an entry fee and child friendly.	17
Can you find a child-friendly place of worship for me?	17
I really bored today, can you find me something interesting to do?	4
Could you help me find something fun to do?	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do like American Football on 8th of this month. I prefer Games events	4
Is there anything you can recommend that I can do, something interesting perhaps?	4
Can you help me find some interesting things do to next Friday. I really enjoy rock events.	4
Could you help me find something fun to do? I enjoy Sports events.	4
Find me please something interesting to to around LAX.	4
I need to find something fun to do next Wednesday in LA, preferably a music event.	4
Please help me find something to do. I like concert events and electronica. Is there anything happening on the 11th?	4
If I am engaged in something interesting, it will be fine for me now. Can you help me?	4
Can you help me find interesting activities for me?	4
I'm going to NY on the 3rd of this month, can you see if there's any games on?	4
I want to find something engaging to do, some kind of Pop Music event.	4
Can you help me find a baseball game on March 13th in SD	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to some things to do, Could you find some Games events for me?, i really like Baseball events.	4
I'm kind of bored, find me something entertaining to do.	4
I'm bored help me find some Baseball Games to go see.	4
I am in the mood to have fun. Is there any music events taking place Monday next week. I am interested in a Funk concert.	4
Can you help me find some interesting things to do? I like sports and basketball events.	4
I want to make the most of the free time I have coming up by finding something fun to do. Let's say I have no idea what to do but my trusty friend, that's you, will help me. Am I right?	4
I would like to find some interesting events to spend my free time. Please search for the nice one to me.	4
Can you help find me something interesting to do? I want something on Saturday this week around Anaheim. I really love Baseball.	4
I'd like to find a Football game to attend in the Seattle area.	4
Could you help me find something interesting to do? I really like Electronica and Concert events.	4
I am in a mood to enjoy some interesting things. Can you help me to find some nice events especially like Blues.	4
I want to find some interesting events to spend my free time useful and can you help me in this regard?	4
I'm bored. Can you find me something to do? Can you see if there's anything baseball related?	4
Let's look into finding something fun, shall we?	4
I need something to do this week since I have some time off work. Can you find me something like a Baseball event?	4
Can you help me find something to do in NYC on the 7th of this month?	4
I need help finding something to do.	4
I'm in the mood to do something. Perhaps football?	4
Hi there, could you help me find some interesting activities I can participate in? Would prefer American Football events around Los Angeles.	4
I am so bored these days, can you help me find something to do? If possible, some Baseball game on the 13th.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do on the 1st of March? I'm looking for some Games happening around Oakland.	4
I have some free time so I want you to help me to find something interesting to do. I usually enjoy watching Football. I would like for the event to be around Sacramento, CA, and for it to be a Games event.	4
I wish to look for something near Portland, OR. Can you help me?	4
I'm looking for sports events in Washington, can you help?	4
I'm bored. Can you look for something fun nearby? Maybe a sports game?	4
I would like to find activities and events	4
Could you help me find some interesting events like games.	4
I'd like to check the weather in Sunol.	19
Tell me what the weather is going to be in San Lorenzo on March 6th.	19
Hi, I need to check the weather at Rohnert Park, on 3rd of March.	19
I want to know the weather.	19
What's the weather in Napa for March 2nd?	19
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on the 5th of this month?	19
What is the weather forecast for LA on March 5th?	19
Check weather conditions for March 7th in Vancouver please.	19
Will you check the weather in San Francisco on March 3rd?	19
Can you tell me what the weather will be like on March 2nd in Sacramento?	19
Can you tell me the weather in Yountville?	19
What's the forecast for the March 14th?	19
Can you tell me the weather in ATL on March 1st? I may need to dress differently.	19
Check for me please the weather on 11th of this month in District of Columbia.	19
Can you tell me what the weather will be in Sonoma on the March 12th?	19
Could you please check for me the weather in Marshall on march 2nd?	19
I need to check the next Wednesday weather please.	19
Please check the weather in LAX for March 10th.	19
I want to know how the weather is in Seattle, WA	19
Can you tell me what the weather is like on the 11th in Livermore?	19
Please check the weather in Philadelphia for 1st of this month.	19
I want to see the weather forecast.	19
What's the weather forecast for March 13th?	19
I want to know what the weather is like in Phoenix.	19
Can you tell me the weather on 13th of March in Orinda?	19
What will the weather be like in New York on March 7th?	19
May I know the weather on March 3rd?	19
On March 13th, I wish to check the weather in Yountville.	19
What will the weather be on March 13th in SD?	19
Hi there, may I check the weather in Berkeley now please?	19
Can you show me what the weather would be like for March 3rd?	19
I'd like to see the weather condition at LAX	19
Please tell me what the weather will be in London On March 3rd.	19
Could you help me check the weather in london, England on march 13th	19
I'd like to spend the day outdoors in Oakland, on March 6th. Please check the weather forecast for me.	19
How is the weather in Long Beach on the 7th of this month.	19
I want to check the weather in Brisbane on March 2nd.	19
I want to search for weather condition. Please search it in Seattle, WA on the 1st.	19
Check the weather in San Fran on the 10th of March	19
Hi, can you please give me some suggestions of interesting things to do?	4
Would you search something for me to do?	4
Hi, could you help me find some interesting music pop events which I can participate in, preferably one next Friday?	4
I'm looking for something interesting and fun to do. Can you help me look for some events that I can go to?	4
Hey, I need help with finding interesting events for March 10th.	4
I need help finding interesting events.	4
I need something to do next Wednesday.	4
I'm looking for something interesting to do.	4
I need help finding something interesting to do. To help you narrow it down, can you find me Games of Baseball around the Phoenix area?	4
I think to spend my freed time with interesting things for which I need you help to find some nice events.	4
Please help me find something interesting to do.I want to be around New York on 10th of this month maybe some events in Music.	4
I am looking for something interesting to go do. Could you help me with that?	4
I'd like your help finding something interesting to do.	4
I'm looking for something to do. Can you find something?	4
I'd like to go to a baseball game in New York on the 12th.	4
Find me something interesting to do about Football	4
I want to go to a concert in Vancouver. Is there anything interesting going on?	4
I want to do something around Portland, OR.	4
Hi there, could you help me find some interesting events to do? I would prefer a Blues event held around Vancouver on 8th of March.	4
I'm looking for a fun event	4
I will be in New York City on March 12th. I have no clue what to do with my time. Find me something to amuse me.	4
Will you find me Sports events? Baseball in Phoenix, AZ?	4
I want to go to a Rock event, is there any concert happening on the 2nd of this month?	4
I want to find something fun to do.	4
Find me something interested to do.I like Rock.	4
Help me get concert tickets near SFO.	4
Could you please help me in searching some interesting thing?	4
Can you find me some concert events on 8th of this month?	4
I'm looking for some fun, funk music is my passion. Look for a Music event happening this saturday	4
Can you get me an American Football game or games next Friday?	4
Can you help me find something fun to do in Toronto? I really like watching Baseball.	4
I'm looking for something fun to do. Is there anything going on the 8th of March?	4
I am bored and I want to do something. Is there anything interesting going on?	4
I am wanting something interesting to do around Seattle on Wednesday next week, like a sports event. Are you able to help me find anything?	4
Can you search for some Concert events?	4
Are there any pop concerts near Philadelphia on the 4th of this month?	4
Can you help search for something interesting to do?	4
I want to do something fun! I like music and I really like Hip Hop. Anything for March 7th?	4
I want to do something.	4
I want to find things to do. I would prefer something in Atlanta related to Rock events.	4
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find some things to do today/in the near future.	4
I want things to in the realm of music.	4
I'm going on a date and need to find something fun for us to do. Can you see if there are any Baseball Games going on?	4
Are there any Pop Music events?	4
Find me some Rock events in LAX.	4
I got more in my bonus package than I expected. So I'm looking for something cool to do. What do you have on tap that's interesting, please?	4
I am in Washington and I have some free time on 12th of this month to spend on interesting things. Can you search some Sports like events?	4
I want to do some new things.	4
Help me search for things to do.	4
Find me a few things that are interesting.	4
I want to watch some games on the 3rd of March	4
I'm looking for something to do.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do on the 13th of March?	4
Fine me something fun to do.	4
I want to look for sports events happening in Philly on March 9th.	4
I want something to do on the 9th like a pop event or something here in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I'd like you to help me find something to do.	4
I want things to do Tuesday next week in the area of Games.	4
I want to find something to do.	4
My works are over and being free. Its high time I watched some events. Are there any such?	4
I'm looking for something to do. Preferably a rock event in New York. I need something on March 14th.	4
I am interested in finding things to do.	4
Can you find me a sports event?	4
I am so bored. Can you find me some things to do?	4
Hey, I'm looking for something to do, can you help me out?	4
Find me something cool to do in NYC on the 12th of March	4
I want something to do in Atlanta.	4
Can you find me something to do?	4
I want to do something fun. I like Baseball event; can you find one for Monday next week.	4
Hello! James here! I am looking for some exhibitions. Can you suggest me anything that is going to happen shortly?	4
I'm looking for some fun things to do. Any ideas for the 14th of this month? I like Rock concerts or other Music events.	4
Some events will be a pleasure for me now. Can you suggest some?	4
I'm trying to find something to do.	4
Can you please search for Baseball events in San Francisco?	4
Get me info on a concert.	4
I'd like some help finding a rock concert on the 12th of this month.	4
I'm looking for something to do on the 13th.	4
Find me something interesting to do like Sports events around NYC	4
I feel bored, so I want you to help me find something interesting to do.	4
I need help finding interesting things to do.	4
Hello! I am interested in finding tickets to a Sports event.	4
Could you find me something interesting to do?	4
Hi there, are there any interesting things I can do? I am rather bored right now.	4
Find me something interesting to do.	4
Could you please help me to find something which is interesting?	4
I'm looking for interesting things to do on the 10th of March, can you help me out?	4
Find an interesting event.	4
I'm looking for a blues venue in NY.	4
Can you find me a rock music concert?	4
Would you help me find something interesting to do?	4
Can you find me something fun to do in LA? I'd like to watch some sports next Friday.	4
Find me something cool to do.	4
Assistant. Please locate events that may be entertaining to attend.	4
Can you find me something interesting to do?	4
Hello! Good morning! Wassup! I am looking for some interesting events happening around New York on 4th of this month. Do you have anything in queue?	4
Would you find me something interesting to do?	4
Hello, are there any interesting events I can do which is scheduled next Wednesday?	4
Can you help me find some interesting Baseball games on the 5th of March?	4
I want to find some events.	4
Could you help me to find something interesting to do on 2nd of this month. I am interested in sports events and baseball is my favorite one.	4
Could you look for an event in Philadelphia I can attend?	4
Hi, are there any interesting things I can do to cure my boredom?	4
I want to search for some nice events for which I need your help. Can you find me the one in Pop type which was liked by me the most?	4
I am looking for some Baseball games later today in Phoenix.	4
I'm bored. Please find something interesting for me to do.	4
Could you help me find a Sports event to attend?	4
Can you find some interesting Baseball games for me in Phoenix, AZ?	4
I like to spend my freed time with the valuable ones. How about an interesting event? Can you help me to search for the one?	4
Could you please help in finding some interesting thing today? I love Concert events.	4
find me something to do	4
I need something interesting to do today, can you find me something?	4
I've been feeling overworked recently, can you help me find something fun to see in the near future?	4
Find me something interesting to do.	4
I need to find something fun to do in Atlanta on Monday next week.	4
Hello! Do you have any Games events like Basketball coming up on the 13th for I like to watch it?	4
I would like to find something interesting to do on March 1st.	4
Can you find me some interesting events on the 9th?	4
I am looking for fun things to do. I am looking for Music. I want to see an event on Thursday next week in Philadelphia.	4
I am searching for things to do on march 2nd. I am searching in Toronto, Ontario and searching for games.	4
Can you help me find something to do on March 10th?	4
I need to find an event.	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to some things to do, Could you find some events for me?, i like Pop events, I really like Music.	4
Find me things to do.	4
I would like to see Sports in DC like soccer.	4
Find me some baseball sports events in san francisco	4
I need something to do on the 11th of this month in baseball.	4
I feel bored, so I am looking for something to do. More specifically I am looking for Music.	4
I would like to do something interesting	4
What good is there to do?	4
I want to do something.	4
I would like to find something to do in New York City.	4
Find me something to do.	4
I would like to find fun events.	4
Can you find me some interesting things to do in Phoenix, AZ?	4
I want to find some nice events for which I need your help to find the best one.	4
Help me find a pop music event in Phoenix, AZ on the 11th?	4
Can you help find something interesting to do?	4
Will you find me Soccer events in Seattle, WA on 3rd of March?	4
I'd like to find something to do. I'd like a Country event.	4
I'm looking for an event in the Games category in Toronto, Ontario.	4
I'd like to visit Seattle, so can you help me find something interesting to do while I'm there?	4
I'd like things to do in Washington D.C.	4
I'd like to find something to do.	4
I am searching for things to do in London, UK and i love Rock events.	4
Can you help me find something to do?	4
I'd like to find some Baseball games in Toronto.	4
I'm bored, can you find me something to do?	4
Hello, i'd like to find something to do in Vancouver, BC on the 12th of this month. I'm very interested in blues events.	4
What's there to do around here?	4
Hey, could you find me something fun to do?	4
I'm trying to find things to do. I'd like something in New York City. I like Electronica events and I'm looking for a Concert.	4
I'm looking to go to a concert in Vancouver, BC.	4
Do you know of anything in Los Angeles that's a Concert, preferably Rock? I want to do something.	4
I would like to find something fun to do.	4
Find me things to do. I want Music events like Pop	4
Can you find me a music concert to go to on March 8th?	4
Im searching for things to do	4
Can you help me find a sports event in SF for the 4th of this month?	4
Hello! I am looking for bus tickets.	2
Hello! I wish to reserve tickets to go to Los Angeles on 13th of March, afternoon 1:30 in some good bus. Please can you find me some good one?	2
I want to go to new york city from washington on a bus	2
can you book a bus for me?	2
I need help with bus booking	2
Can you reserve one bus ticket for me please? I plan to leave March 8th at one pm.	2
Will you reserve a bus for three?	2
I'd like to make a bus reservation.	2
I would like bus tickets for three.	2
I need a bus	2
I plan on doing some traveling soon. Please help me find a bus.	2
I am in need of booking a bus. I will be leaving at quarter past 1 in the afternoon. I need tickets for three people.	2
Will you reserve the bus?	2
Can you help me find 2 bus tickets for the 4th of March?	2
Get me a bus reservation.	2
Could you reserve bus tickets going from Fresno to Vegas?	2
I want to get a bus for a trip leaving the 14th of March.	2
I would like to reserve the bus	2
Could you get me a seat on a bus?	2
I need to travel somewhere, so I need to book a bus. I will be leaving at 3:30 in the afternoon.	2
Hello! I'd like some help getting bus tickets, please.	2
I am in need of booking a bus.	2
I need to get a bus to leave town.	2
I need to make a bus reservation.	2
Will you reserve a bus which leaves from sacramento CA on the 4th.	2
I need to reserve a bus ticket.	2
I need to find a bus to SD on Sunday this week.	2
I have a plan for a short trip and for which I need to search for a bus. Can you search the one to Long Beach, CA?.	2
I'm looking for bus tickets to Las Vegas.	2
I'd like to reserve a bus.	2
Hey, I'd like you to book me 4 bus tickets to leave at morning 7.	2
I'd like to buy a bus ticket from Philadelphia to NYC for March 12th.	2
I need a bus to go for a short trip and I need your help to search for a convenient one.	2
I would like to reserve bus tickets for 3 on March 12th from San Francisco.	2
Help me find a bus please	2
I'd like to reserve a bus going to Anaheim leaving at morning 9:15 on the 10th of this month.	2
I want to go for a short trip and I need a bus on 2nd of this month. Please search it for the leaving time six in the evening.	2
I would like to book a bus journey.	2
I am looking to watch a 3d show. I am into life history movies.	9
I want to see a movie?	9
Find 3d Action shows playing please.	9
Find me a movie to watch.	9
What Life history type movie would you think I'd enjoy?	9
Find me a movie to watch.	9
Hi, i am interested to watch movies, could you please suggest me good movies?	9
I'd like to find a movie.	9
Find me a movie to watch.	9
Can you find me a Biographical movie to see in Oakland?	9
I am hoping to go to the movies and need help deciding what to watch. Can you help me search for movie options?	9
Will you fine me a regular show?	9
could you find me movies to watch?	9
I'd like a movie to watch.	9
Can you help me find a good movie to watch?	9
Give me some regular type movie, a fantasy, please.	9
I'd like to find an imax movie to see at Livermore Cinema.	9
I'd like help finding a movie to watch.	9
I'd like to watch a movie at AMC Mercado	9
Can you find me a 3d movie at the Rheem Theatre?	9
I'd like help finding a movie to watch.	9
Hello! I'm wondering if you could help me find a movie?	9
I'm going to be visiting Rialto Cinemas. I'd like to see if any good drama movies are playing.	9
Can you help me to find a movie to watch?	9
I want a movie to watch.	9
I would like a movie to watch that is a regular show in Morgan Hill.	9
I would like a movie to watch.	9
Will you find me a movie?	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
Find me a movie to watch at the theater.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
Hi I am trying to find a regular show to watch at ShowPlace ICON Valley Fair in Santa Clara. Can you help me?	9
Can you help me find a movie?	9
I want to watch a scary at THE LOt City Center in San Ramon.	9
I want to see a Ghost movie.	9
I want to see a fantasy movie.	9
Can you find me an Adventure movie playing at AMC NewPark in Newark?	9
I want to watch a movie at United Artists Stonestown Twin	9
I'm looking for a movie to see.	9
i would live to view a movie.	9
I need help finding a movie.	9
I'm interested in going to see a drama film. Are there any screenings for ones in Santa Rosa?	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
I am in the mood to watch a movie. What is showing in Walnut Creek?	9
I'm in the mood for a flick.	9
I wish to watch a movie at Alameda. I wish to watch Adventure movie at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex.	9
I'd like a movie to watch.	9
I am in mood of watching a movie so I want you to find me a movie being shown in Vallejo.	9
Find me a Horror movie to see at Airport Stadium Cinemas.	9
I want to see a movie.	9
I want to watch a biographical movie in Fairfield.	9
I'd like to check out a film.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I am interested in finding a movie.	9
Any good regular love story flicks playing in Palo Alto.	9
I have a plan to watch some nice movie out side, can you search for the one?	9
I am interesting in watching a movie.	9
I have a plan to watch movies at AMC Saratoga, Can you search for the movies shown in San Jose?	9
Help me look for a movie to watch.	9
Will you find movies in San Ramon at THE LOT City Center?	9
i am looking for a regular show in scary movie section in reading cinemas rohnert park	9
I'm looking for a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
My friends and I haven't been out to see a movie in a while. Can you see what's playing right now?	9
I'm in San Jose and I would like to see an Adventure movie. Can you help me find something?	9
I want to find a movie to watch in Santa Rosa.	9
i want to watch a 3d show in san leandro	9
I want to see a movie! Search movies in Petaluma. I want to watch it at Boulevard Cinema.	9
I'm looking for a movie	9
Im Im look for movie to watch at AMC Brentwood. I like comic movies in regular show	9
I am in the mood of watching a movie, and I would like to watch it at CineLux Almaden. I usually enjoy watching Non-fiction movies. Though any kind of show is okay with me.	9
I like to find a movie to watch.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I want a reservations	13
I need to make a reservation at My Ivy in SFO for one person.	13
Could you book me a table at Fujiyama-ya in SFO at eleven in the morning?	13
I want to make a reservation at the Taqueria Y Carniceria Apatzingan 2 restaurant for just one person at this evening 5.	13
I want san rafael	13
I need to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I need help to book a restaurant	13
I like to make a booking at restaurant in SFO.	13
Could you help me with a restaurant reservation?	13
I'd like to book a table at a restaurant in Vacaville.	13
I want to make a reservation at the restaurant	13
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I'm meeting a client for lunch and I need to make a restaurant reservation for 1 o"clock in the afternoon.	13
I want to eat out at a restaurant in Berkeley.	13
Can you make me a reservation at the restaurant A16?	13
I would like to reserve for a restaurant on March 8th for two.	13
I need a dining reservation.	13
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Hatcho.	13
Can you make me a reservation for 3 at Golden Garlic next Friday?	13
I wish to have a reservation at a restaurant.	13
i am looking for a restaurant	13
I need a place to eat, so I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I need to make a restaurant reservation in SF.	13
I have a small plan to eat outside for which I need to reserve a table in a restaurant. Can you help me to do?	13
Will you make a reservation at Ca' Momi Osteria on 8th of this month at afternoon 12:30?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant reservation in Santa Clara on the 8th of this month at five pm.	13
I want a reservation at the restaurant Troya.	13
Get me a restaurant reservation.	13
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant for Thursday next week.	13
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?	13
I need to eat something, so I want to make a reservation at a restaurant. I want the reservation to be for 3 people at seven in the evening, and the restaurant to be Sala.	13
I need to make a restaurant reservation on the 11th at 12 o"clock in the afternoon.	13
I want to go to a restaurant.	13
I'd like to reserve a table at a restaurant.	13
I need to get some chow.	13
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?	13
I want to make a reservation at the Sparrow Bar.	13
I want to eat out at Truya in San Jose.	13
I'd like to make a reservation for 3 at a restaurant in Larkspur.	13
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation please.	13
Can you place a restaurant reservation for me?	13
Hello, I want to eat out pretty soon. Can you reserve a restaurant for me?	13
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I need a reservation with amalfi	13
I'd like to make a reservation at Regent for two people at 17:30.	13
Make me a restaurant reservation.	13
Hi, I'd like to make a restaurant reservation in San Jose in the evening 5:30.	13
I need a table for 2 in SF for the 7th of this month.	13
Will you make a reservation at a restaurant?	13
I want a reservation on March 6th at a restaurant in San Francisco.	13
I want to book a table for 1 at a restaurant on the 2nd of this month at 17:30.	13
I want to make a restaurant reservation. Please make it for 11:30 in the morning, March 14th at Agrodolce Osteria.	13
I am planning a dinner date for tonight and could use some help making the reservation.	13
I would like to make a lunch reservation.	13
Hello! I'd like to make a restaurant reservation. Can you help me?	13
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I would like to reserve a table to three at 5:15 pm today.	13
I want to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I would like reservations for San Fran at 18:45.	13
Can you help me book a reservation at a restaurant on the 9th of March?	13
I'm looking for a bite in San Rafael. 3 people for 19:15.	13
Can you please help me make a reservation for three people at Lotus Garden?	13
I'd like to book a San Jose restaurant for 3.	13
I'd like to make a reservation at La Folie restaurant.	13
I'm hungry. I want to book a table at a restaurant.	13
I need to book a table at Sheba Piano in SF the 6th of this month.	13
I want to book a table at a restaurant. Do it for morning 11:45.	13
I need to grab a bite out.	13
I wish to have a reservation at a Ace Wasabi restaurant in San Francisco.	13
I want to make a restaurant reservation please!	13
I am in a small plan to eat food outside for which I need to search for a restaurant for 1 person. Can you help me to search for?	13
Im looking for a restaurant reservation on the 14th.	13
I am planning on celebrating and would like to book a suitable restaurant for the occasion. Can you finalize my table booking?	13
My best friend and I want to grab something to eat. Please help me make a reservation at a restaurant.	13
I want to book a table at a restaurant. Make it for eight in the night.	13
I would like to book a table at a restaurant.	13
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant on 8th of March.	13
I want to make a restaurant reservation.	13
I'd like a restaurant reservation.	13
I need to find a movie.	9
My friend and I are hoping to see a movie sometime this week. Are there any comedy movies showing?	9
Can you find me some movies show in San Ramon?	9
I would like Ghost movies to watch.	9
I want to see a drama movie! I want to watch it at Opera Plaza.	9
Find me a movie to watch, a regular show please	9
Hey, help me find a movie to watch at Century Cinemas.	9
What movies are playing at Century Walnut Creek? I want to see a regular show.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch.	9
Search thriller movies in Santa Rosa.	9
I wish to search a movie to watch. Please find movies that are shown in Hayward. I wish to see regular show and I wish to see at Century at Hayward.	9
find a movie	9
I want to find a movie.	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I need to watch a movie.	9
I wand to find a imax movie shown in Milpitas. I would prefer to watch Century Great Mall.	9
It's been a while since I've seen a good movie. Can you find one for me?	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
It's my time off and I could really enjoy a movie	9
I want to search for the movies shown in Union City and I like to watch it at Century Union Landing. Need your help to find the best one.	9
can you find me a 3d movie playing at century cinemas in san leandro?	9
I want to some fantasy movie in 3d	9
I need you to look for a movie for me to watch.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to see what kind of movies are playing imax, adventure in Los Gatos.	9
Can you find me a movie to watch please?	9
I'm looking for an adventure movie at Veranda Luxe Cinema in Concord.	9
I'd like to check out a movie.	9
I want to see a show.	9
I have a nice plan for my free time. I have decided to watch a 3D show in Union City. Can you search for the one?	9
I want to watch a regular show.	9
I'm looking for a movie to go see. I'm not interested in 3d or anything, just a regular show.	9
I am looking for a movie to see. What's on in Brentwood?	9
I would like to see a movie.	9
I'd like to check out a movie.	9
I am looking for a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch regular show or movie at AMC Bay Street.	9
Find me a movie to watch.	9
I would like to find a movie like CineLux Almaden in San Jose.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch with my friend.	9
Any good movies out?	9
Find me movie to watch. Look for regular show like Fantasy at AMC Bay Street	9
I'm looking for a movie in San Leandro. I'd like to see a Suspense movie and Century Cinemas.	9
Will you find a movie at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?	9
I'm looking to watch a film. Something in 3D preferably. Could you search for anything playing in Pittsburg? I'd like it to be a horror film please.	9
I'd like to find a movie to watch.	9
I'd like to find a movie.	9
Can you find me an interesting movie to watch?	9
I want to see a suspense movie in imax.	9
I would like to find a movie to watch.	9
I need help finding a good movie please.	9
Hi. I want to find a movie to watch. Can you help me?	9
I would like to find a movie.	9
Can you help me find a movie to watch?	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
Find me a movie to see.	9
Pull up imax movies playing in SF please.	9
I wish to find a movie to watch at Century Rowland Plaza	9
I haven't seen a 3D movie in some time. I want to watch one in San Leandro.	9
I'd like to get a ticket to a movie at AMC Mercado in Santa Clara.	9
can you find me a movie to watch at Rialto Cinemas?	9
Can you please find me a life history movie to watch?	9
Please help me to find a movie to watch.	9
I want to watch a movie at AMC NewPark, can you look for movies showing in Newark?	9
Can you help me find a movie?	9
I would like to watch a Ghost movie.	9
I am in mood of watching a movie, so I want you to find me one.	9
Im looking for adventure movies	9
Find me a 3d movie to watch at Contra Costa.	9
Can you search movie for me to watch?	9
Can you find some movies?	9
I have plan to spend my free time with some interesting things. How about a plan to watch movie outside? Can you search for the one?	9
I need help find a movie.	9
I want to search for some movies shown in Concord. Can you find something nice to watch?	9
I am in mood of watching a movie, so I want to find one which is on 3d, and is an Adventure genre.	9
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	9
I would like to find some movies online.	8
I want to find some online movies directed by Rachel Lears.	8
I am looking for some online movies.	8
I'd like to watch a movie online. Can you find something directed by Jia Zhangke?	8
Please give me your recommendations for online movies.	8
I want to find a Thriller to watch online, preferable directed by Anthony Maras.	8
I'd love to watch a good film. Can you find me something online?	8
Any violent Jia Zhangke flciks playing online?	8
Hi, could you help me search for movies directed by Anna Boden please?	8
Can you help me search for movies online.	8
Can you help me find a funny movie by Jonathan Levine.	8
I'd like to watch a movie via online services.	8
I would like to find some detective moives online.	8
I want to watch movies online.	8
Can you find me a streaming movie?	8
I would like to see a movie online that was directed by Iain Softley	8
I'm looking for movies online. I like Drama movies directed by Madeleine Olnek.	8
I'm a big fan of Anthony Maras. I want to watch some of his films.	8
I am looking for movies online.	8
I would like to find a movie online.	8
Find me some movies online like the movies of Simon Jaquemet Drama	8
I am looking for a movie to watch online	8
Find me some movies to see on the Internet.	8
Can you please help me find some movies online?	8
Find me some Violent movies online.	8
I'm looking for an online movie.	8
I like to watch movies and now I am planning to search for the one in Drama Category. Can you help me.	8
I have some free time in my schedule. How about a plan to watch a movie online ?	8
I'm looking for a funny movie online.	8
I need help with finding movies online please.	8
I would like to find some movies online.	8
I would love to find some movies online.	8
I want to watch a movie online.	8
Will you find movies online?	8
I am interested in some movies online.	8
Can you help me find some movies online?	8
I'd like to check out a film on the inter-web.	8
I want to watch a Romantic movie online.	8
I would like to find a movie online.	8
I want to watch a movie online.	8
I like to watch some Crime type movies on line. Can you help me to find the one especially directed by Alfred Hitchcock who is my favorite director?.	8
I want to watch some George Miller movies.	8
i am looking to watch some movies online	8
I like to search some movies online which is directed by Michael Gordon. Romantic movies would be good.	8
Pull up online movies directed by Roxann Dawson please.	8
Can you help me find a movie online to stream?	8
Hi, I would like watch some Online Movie. Could you help me to find some movies?	8
I'd like your help finding some movies online.	8
Pull up online Documentary movies please.	8
I am looking for a drama movie online directed by likarion wainaina	8
I'm looking for a movie to watch.	8
I'd like to find a movie to watch online.	8
I'm looking to stream a movie to watch.	8
I want to watch a film online.	8
Are there any Trevor Nunn films on the internet?	8
I want to see an online movie.	8
I am looking for a funny movie to watch online.	8
I would like to find some movies online.	8
i am looking for some moveis online direct by max minghella	8
I want help finding Tina Gordon Comic movies online.	8
I'd like to find some movies to watch online.	8
I am looking for a movie to watch online directed by Robert Budreau.	8
Could you find me a ghost movie? Preferably directed by Michael Chaves?	8
My friends and I are having a movie night and I need to find something to watch online.	8
I want to search for some nice movies with Love Story directed by Cameron Crowe. Can you search for me?	8
I want to find some movies.	8
Find me some movies online like the movies directed by Michael Chaves. Ghost type movies are perfect	8
i wanna watch a movie online.	8
I feel like I want to watch a movie online. More specifically I want to watch a movie directed by Justin Kelly. I usually like watching Documentary movies.	8
It's been forever since I last saw a good film. Can you find one online for me?	8
I would like to find a movie.	8
I want to watch a movie online, maybe something in the fantasy category.	8
Can you help me find a movie to watch online?	8
I need some assistance finding movies. I prefer movies by Robert Budreau.	8
I want to find some movies.	8
I'm looking for some online movies. I really like Orson Welles detective movies.	8
Any good flicks to watch online?	8
I am in a mood for films. Search for online movies.	8
I want to find some online movies.	8
I want to stream a movie.	8
I want to watch a movie online.	8
I want to find online movies.	8
I would like to find some movies online.	8
I want to stream a movie. I like movies by the directer Chris Butler.	8
I hoping to check out some online movies.	8
I want to watch a movie online	8
I would like to see a kids movie online.	8
I'd like to see an online Comedy movie	8
I am in mood of watching a movie online, and I usually enjoy watching War movies.	8
I would like to find some online movies.	8
I would like to find some mystery movies online, I like movies directed by Orson Welles.	8
Find me some movies online, please.	8
My friend was talking about a suspense movie directed by Anthony Maras but he couldn't remember the name. Can you help me find one?	8
I'd like to see a movie directed by Simon Jaquemet	8
I want to watch movies online.	8
I want to watch some movies.	8
Can you help me find some movies online?	8
Find a movie by Cameron Crowe.	8
I'm trying to search for movies online.	8
I'd like to watch a movie online.	8
I want to find some movies.	8
I need to relax after that workout. A nice movie, something funny sounds like a great next step. Do you show a comedy online I can watch, one by the director Harry Elfont?	8
I love watching Documentary movies. Could you help me find some online?	8
Get me a movie to watch on line?	8
I want to watch some movies.	8
Will you find Rom-com movies directed by Jenny Gage?	8
I'm on bedrest and can't do anything. Are there any good movies to watch online?	8
I'm in the mood to watch a movie. Can you please look up some good movies for me to watch right now?	8
Get me some movies online like Adventure ones directed by Ronald Neame	8
Can you help me in finding some movies online?	8
I would like some movies online.	8
I am in a nice mood and I like to watch some Suspense movies. Can you search the one which is directed by Anthony Maras. I like this director so much.	8
I want to find a movie online.	8
Can you search for online movies please.	8
Find me a War movie online	8
I am wanting to find some movies online. I like ones with Orson Welles as the director.	8
I would like to find some adventure movies online, something directed by Anna Boden.	8
I'm looking for movies online.	8
I have a short free time which I want to spend by watching movies online. Can you find some interesting movie to watch?	8
I have some free time to pass and I like to watch some Drama movies in particularly directed by Madeleine Olnek. Can you help me to find it.	8
I am a big fan of Fantasy movies especially the movies directed by Hiroyasu Ishida. Find me online movies.	8
I am in a nice mood to watch some moves online. Can you help me to find a interesting one.	8
I am looking for a good movie to watch online.	8
I am in mood of watching a movie, so I want to find a Drama movie online, because I usually enjoy watching that genre, but I want the movie to be directed by Madeleine Olnek.	8
Can you find me some movies directed by Peter Farrelly online?	8
Will you find Adventure movies?	8
I want to watch a movie. I like Stephen Merchant movies.	8
I would like to see an online movie directed by Garth Davis.	8
Can you look up some movie info. for me?	8
I have a date night coming up that I need to plan for. Can you see what movies are available online?	8
Hey! Feeling so bored and I wish to watch some good movies online? Do you have any suggestions?	8
I'm looking for a good movie, a drama or something. I really like Christian Petzold as a director. Can you suggest a good option?	8
Search movies online please.	8
I'm looking for movies online, romantic ones like the ones directed by Tom McCarthy.	8
I want to watch a movie online, can you help me find some?	8
I want to watch a movie by Martin Scorsese.	8
Search for online movies please.	8
Pull up Horror movies by Michael Chaves please.	8
I am searching for movies online.	8
Can you find movies online for me?	8
Find me some movies online please.	8
Can you help me in finding some movies online?	8
Can you help me find a movie to watch online?	8
I am bored and want to stream a movie.	8
Can you help me find some good movies to watch online?	8
I like to find some movies directed by Jonathan Levine.	8
I'm searching for movies online	8
I would like to watch a Comedy online.	8
Find drama movies online.	8
I would like to find some movies online that are directed by Neil Burger.	8
I would like to watch a movie online	8
I want to see Sports movies online. Movies directed for Stephen Merchant are great.	8
I wan to stream a movie.	8
Can you help me find some movies online. I can't seem to locate anything appealing.	8
Please find me some online movies by director James Kent.	8
I want to steam a movie.	8
I want to watch a movie.	8
Any good drama movies on the interwebs tonight?	8
Help get me an online movie directed by Michael Gordon	8
I would like to find some movies online.	8
Pull up Drama movies directed by Trevor Nunn please.	8
I want to watch some funny movies directed by Chris Butler.	8
I'm looking to find some movies online.	8
Can you find me a online movie to watch?	8
I am interested in seeing a drama movie online, something directed by Eric Khoo.	8
Find me some fantasy movies I can watch online, something directed by Neil Marshall.	8
I'd like you to find me some crime movies online, preferably ones directed by Jia Zhangke.	8
Find me some Comedy movies directed by Morton DaCosta.	8
I need a pick me up. I want to watch a romantic movie.	8
I want to watch movies online.	8
I need a good movie to liven up my day. I love a good drama film.	8
I'm looking for movies online.	8
I want to watch some movie online, and I prefer watching Comic movies. More specifically I would like for the movie to be directed by Tina Gordon.	8
I have nothing to do for the next couple of hours. Can you put on a movie?	8
Find some movies online.	8
I want to watch some new movies online.	8
Find for me a Drama movies online.	8
I'm bored, I'm thinking about watching a Drama online. I love the director Matteo Garrone.	8
Can you help me pick a movie to stream?	8
I want to find some films to watch online.	8
I want to find some good movies online.	8
I want to watch movies online.	8
I am looking for a movie to watch online directed by Neil Marshall.	8
I want to watch an online movie. Comedy sounds good right now. And I like movies directed by Tina Gordon.	8
Find me some movies to watch on the Internet.	8
I need to find a San Carlos dentist please.	15
Can you help me locate a dentist?	15
Would you find me a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Please help in finding a dentist at Danville.	15
I am looking for a good dentist.	15
I need help with a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I need a dentist in Pleasanton.	15
I'm looking for a dentist.	15
Could you please find me a dentist in Milpitas?	15
Could you get me a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist in Mountain View.	15
Locate a dentist for me please.	15
Would you look for a dentist for me?	15
I need a dentist.	15
Would you look for a dentist?	15
I need a new dentist. Can you look in my area to see what dentists there are?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I need a dentist in Santa Rosa.	15
I'm looking for a dentist. Can you help me find one?	15
I need a dentist.	15
Find me please a dentist.	15
Hi. Can you help me find a dentist in San Jose?	15
I've got to find a dentist.	15
I need to find a good dentist in Morgan Hill.	15
I am moving to Danville and am looking for a new dentist.	15
I'm looking for a dentist to go to.	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
I need a dentist	15
I'm looking for a dentist in Novato.	15
I think I need to get my teeth checked, what dentists are available?	15
Hello! My tooth is aching like anything. Please can you help me to find a dental practitioner in Sunnyvale.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I need a cosmetic dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
Can you search dentist for me	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I am in need of a dentist.	15
Can you find me dentist in Morgan Hill?	15
Please help me find a dentist.	15
Would you look for a dentist for me?	15
I'm looking for a dentist. Can you help?	15
I have a tooth ache so I need you to find me a dentist.	15
I got to see a dentist.	15
I need to see a dentist.	15
I need a dentist.	15
I think I might need a dentist.	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I need to see a dentist. Could you please search for one in San Jose?	15
I need help finding a dentist in Gilroy.	15
Can you help me find a dentist in San Jose?	15
My teeth really need a checkup. Can you get a dentist for me?	15
I am looking for salons to go to. Preferably a unisex salon. What kind of options do I have?	15
I want to fancy myself up at a salon in Hayward.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I need to find a unisex salon in San Jose please.	15
I need a salon.	15
I need my hair done. Can you find me a salon in Cupertino?	15
Find me a beauty parlor.	15
Will you find a salon?	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I need to find a salon	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
Is there a salon I can visit?	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I need my hair done. Can you find me a salon?	15
I want a sf salone	15
I have a plan to change my hair style for which I need to find a best salon in San Jose. Can you help me to search?	15
Find me a salon	15
I need help finding a salon in San Jose.	15
I am looking for a unisex salon in Half Moon Bay.	15
I need a salon in San Fran.	15
I'm trying to find a unisex salon in San Fran.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I want to change my Hair style for which I want a salon. Please help me to find the best one.	15
I need to find a new salon after the old one I was going to closed down. I'd like a unisex salon in Los Gatos if there are any.	15
I want to find me a salon in Livermore.	15
Can you help me locate an unisex salon in Antioch?	15
I would like to find a unisex salon in Rohnert Park.	15
Can you find a unisex saloon in SF?	15
I want to find a salon. The last place I went to was so-so.	15
I want to make my Hair more stylish and I need to search for a Salon in San Francisco. Can you help me to find the best one.	15
I want to change my hair style for which I need your help to find one best Salon. Can you search it for me in Vallejo?	15
I want to find a salon.	15
I would like to find a unisex salon.	15
I need a salon.	15
I need to find a unisex salon in Palo Alto.	15
Could you help me find a good salon?	15
I'm looking for a salon in Berkeley.	15
I would like to go to a unisex salon in Santa Clara.	15
Pull up Hair Salons please.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
Find me a salon.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I'm trying to find a salon.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I am searching for a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon in Martinez.	15
Can you find me a salon in Mill Valley?	15
I am in need of finding a doctor which is a General Practitioner. I am interested for the doctor to be in Los Altos.	15
I want to check my health condition now and I need to search for a doctor for which I need your help.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor. Can you help me find a general practitioner?	15
I need a general practitioner in Fremont.	15
I need to find a doctor in Orinda please.	15
I would like to find an Ophthalmologist located in San Mateo.	15
I need to find a Gynecologist.	15
Find me a doctor in Palo Alto.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I want to check my health condition for which I need to search for a doctor, can you help me to find one?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I'm looking for a general practitioner in Emeryville	15
I want to know why my arms are so red. A Dermatologist may be able to help me figure this out. Finding a doctor in Mill Valley with the help of you, my Johnny-on-the-spot, would be much appreciated. Are you in?	15
Help me find a doctor	15
I need a doctor.	15
I would like to find a doctor.	15
I am looking for a Dermatologist in San Mateo	15
I need to find a doctor please.	15
I don't feel very well, so I want to find a doctor. More specifically I am in need of a General Practitioner.	15
I need to search for a doctor in san Fran who is a Dermatologist and I need your help to search for the one.	15
I'm looking for a doctor in Morgan Hill.	15
I'm trying to search for a doctor.	15
I'm looking for a doctor in Oakland.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Find me a doctor in Sebastopol.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I'd like to find a doctor.	15
I want to find a gynecologist in San Jose.	15
Hey! Please can you find a good practitioner at Alameda?	15
I need to find a doctor in Fremont.	15
I need to set up a doctor's appointment. Can you find me an ENT specialist please?	15
Will you find me a doctor in Berkeley?	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need help locating a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a General Practitioner?	15
Find me a General Practitioner doctor.	15
I need a doctor in Daly City.	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
Please help me find a doctor.	15
I need to find a Dermatologist in Antioch.	15
Find me a doctor in Mill Valley.	15
I'm trying to find a doctor. I need someone who is an ENT specialist please.	15
I am not feeling well. Help me find a doctor.	15
I'd like to find a doctor in Berkeley. I'm looking for a gynecologist.	15
I need to see an Ophthalmologist.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
I need to see a doctor in Daly City.	15
Hi, I'm moving to Palo Alto and need to find a General Practitioner.	15
I need help finding a doctor please.	15
I don't feel well, so I am looking for a doctor.	15
I need help with a General Practitioner.	15
I'm looking for a doctor in Oakland.	15
I need help finding a dentist.	15
I need a dentist!	15
I need a dentist.	15
I need help finding a dentist.	15
I am in need of finding a dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
Can you find me a dentist in San Leandro?	15
Can you help in finding a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist now.	15
I need to go check my teeth. What dentists are there available?	15
Will you find a dentist?	15
I have severe toothache. I need a dentist.	15
Hi, could you find a dentist for me?	15
I want to complete my dental Check up soon for which I want to search for a Dentist. Can you help me to find the one for me?	15
Hello! My tooth is aching like anything. Please can you book an appointment with a dentist. Do you have any suggestions of a good dentist in this area?	15
I need a dentist in Walnut Creek.	15
I have a toothache. I want to see a dentist.	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I have to complete my dental checkup now and I need a Dentist for me. Please search for some one.	15
I need a good Sunnyvale Dentist please.	15
Could you find me a dentist in San Jose?	15
Can you find me a dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Please find me a dentist.	15
I need to go to a dentist.	15
I need help finding a dentist in my area.	15
I am looking to get a dentist in Sunnyvale.	15
Hi, could you help me search for a dentist in the Antioch area?	15
I would like to find a dentist.	15
I need a dentist	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
Please find me a dentist in Mountain View.	15
Please search for a dentist.	15
I need to go to a dentist.	15
Can you please find a dentist for me?	15
Could you please help me in finding a dentist?	15
Would you help me get set up with a dentist?	15
Please find me a dentist in San Jose.	15
I need to find a dentist in Gilroy.	15
Can you find me a good dentist?	15
Can you find a dentist	15
Find me a dentist.	15
Please help me find a dentist.	15
Hello! Can you help me find a dentist?	15
Can you look in for a dentist for me?	15
Can you search me a dentist in Sunnyvale?	15
Can you search for a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
I'd like to find a dentist.	15
I have a tooth ache, so I need you to find me a dentist!	15
I have the urge to find a dentist	15
I have a toothache. I need to find a dentist in Oakland.	15
Please help me find a dentist in San Ramon.	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
I need to see a dentist	15
Find me a dentist please.	15
I'd like a dentist in Morgan Hill.	15
I am looking for a salon in Burlingame, a unisex salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
Is there a unisex salon in San Jose?	15
I need a haircut. Can you help me find a salon?	15
i need to do hair cut. find a salon near by?	15
I need to locate a salon in San Jose.	15
Search for unisex salons.	15
Can you help me find a salon in Morgan Hill?	15
I would like to find a salon.	15
I need to get my hair cut and would like to locate a salon	15
Hey, can you help me find somewhere to cut my hair?	15
I need a salon please.	15
Help me find a salon.	15
I need help looking for a salon.	15
My hair's a mess... Are there any salons nearby?	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
Can you find me a salon in San Francisco?	15
I need help finding a salon in Newark	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon in Vallejo.	15
I would like to find a slaon in San Anselmo.	15
I need to find a unisex salon to go to in Berkeley.	15
I need to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon in Petaluma.	15
I need a haircut.Can you find me a salon?	15
Can you help me find an unisex salon in Los Gatos?	15
I want to visit a salon!	15
Hi, I'd like to find a salon in San Jose.	15
My hair needs some fixing up. Can you find me a salon?	15
Can you help me in finding a salon?	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I'm looking for a salon please.	15
can you find a salon for me?	15
I want to find a salon in Palo Alto which is to be an Unisex one. please search for the one.	15
I am looking for a salon.	15
Hey, can you find me a unisex salon in South San Francisco?	15
I need a salon in San Jose.	15
Find me a salon in Walnut Creek.	15
My hair is in a mess. I need to get to a salon asap	15
Hi, could you search for a salon for me please?	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I need to find a salon please.	15
I'm trying to locate a unisex salon in the San Jose area.	15
My hair is a mess. I need to get to a salon asap.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I'd like to look for a salon.	15
I need a salon in Sunnyvale.	15
I am looking for a unisex salon.	15
I'd like to find a unisex salon.	15
I want to buy tickets for something near SFO.	4
I need help reserving tickets for an event.	4
Hi. I'd like to get tickets to an event.	4
Can you get me tickets to an event?	4
I would like to reserve 3 tickets to an event.	4
I want one ticket for an event in San Fran.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to Chris Webby in Berkeley.	4
Will you find 1 ticket for Billy Currington around Rohnert Park?	4
I would like to reserve tickets for an event.	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event?	4
I'd like to make some event ticket reservations.	4
I want tickets for an event	4
I want to reserve 2 tickets at an event.	4
I'd like to find a Chris Webby event near Berkeley.	4
I would like to purchase two tickets for an event.	4
I'd like tickets to an event on the 2nd of this month in the Berkeley area.	4
I need tickets to The Drums events. Find me two tickets to the March 7th event.	4
I want to reserve the event Jon B for 2 people on March 5th	4
I want to find some event tickets to reserve.	4
I am looking for 2 event tickets for the Giants Vs Nationals in San Francisco.	4
I am looking for three tickets for an event near SFO.	4
Can I get some Celine Dion tickets?	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I want to search for some nice events and also need to book three tickets there. Please find some interesting events for me.	4
Can you help me get tickets to an event happening on the 12th of March?	4
Can you help me purchase 4 tickets to an event near Brisbane?	4
i need to book tickets for an event.	4
I'd like to reserve tickets for an event on the 9th of this month.	4
I want two tickets for events around the Napa area.	4
I need to get tickets to an event.	4
Can you help with ticket reservation for an event?	4
I would like reserve some event tickets.	4
I would like to buy tickets for an event.	4
I would like to reserve tickets to an event.	4
I will be in the SF area. I will be needing two tickets for me and my date. Find me an event on 11th of March.	4
I would like to reserve event tickets.	4
I would like to reserve tickets around SF for an event.	4
I'm a big Jon B fan and really looking forward to his show in Napa! I want to reserve one ticket for that.	4
I need event tickets.	4
I want to search for some nice events and also need to book the tickets for which I need your help.	4
I want to get event tickets.	4
i am looking for a tickets to an event in oakland on the 9th	4
Can you help me reserve some tickets to an event?	4
I'm looking to book tickets to an event.	4
I need some tickets to an event.	4
Will you reserve tickets to Matt Corby around San Francisco on 13th of this month?	4
I need one ticket to an event.	4
I would like to buy 2 tickets for an event which happens on 2nd of this month.	4
I'd like to buy tickets for an event.	4
Hello! I'd like to buy some tickets to the Raiders Vs Bengals game.	4
I need tickets to an upcoming event.	4
I'd like to book one ticket to the Huichica Music Festival on the 9th of this month.	4
I need 1 ticket to something on Tuesday next week.	4
I would like to reserve event tickets for Phutureprimitive in Berkeley.	4
I want tickets for an event!	4
I want tickets for an event please!	4
I'd like to book some tickets to an event.	4
I'd like tickets for an event	4
I want 2 tickets to an event is San Fran.	4
I need for 4 tickets for something on the 1st of this month.	4
I want to go to an event in San Fran called Matt Corby.	4
i'd like to book some tickets to an event.	4
Can you help with ticket reservation for Cruz Azul Vs Atlas on 11th of March?	4
I would like to get event tickets for something in San Francisco on the 12th of this month.	4
I'd like to purchase tickets for an event.	4
I want to make a reservation to an event.	4
I need to reserve some tickets to the Star City Music Festival on the 10th.	4
i want to book tickets to an event.	4
I need to book three tickets.	4
I would like to reserve event tickets.	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
Can you help me reserve tickets to the Golden Bears Vs Trojans in Berkeley?	4
I'd like to get some tickets for an event.	4
I want to search for some nice events and also need to book tickets to that for which I need your help.	4
Reserve me tickets for an event?	4
I need a good doctor.	15
I am feeling ill. I need to see a doctor in Walnut Creek.	15
Can you find me a doctor?	15
I'm looking for a doctor. Can you help me?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a general practitioner in Sunnyvale?	15
I want a doctor	15
I need to find a doctor, specifically a Gynecologist. And they should be in SFO.	15
I'm trying to find a doctor in Healdsburg.	15
I want to see a doctor!	15
I'm kinda sick. Can you help me find a general practitioner?	15
Please can you find a good medical practitioner in Emeryville.	15
I need a doctor.	15
Hi, I think I need a new Ophthalmologist my old one tried to make a pass at me, it's too uncomfortable. I need one in San Francisco.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I need to find a doctor in Oakland.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I would like to find a general practitioner in San Jose.	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a Dermatologist in SF?	15
I need help with a General Practitioner in San Mateo.	15
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find a doctor located in Berkeley?	15
I need a doctor	15
I need a Dermatologist in Hercules	15
I need to see a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a General Practitioner.	15
I am looking for a general practitioner in Martinez	15
Hi, I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to locate a doctor please.	15
I need to locate a doctor please.	15
Hello! Can you help me find a doctor in Danville?	15
Can you help me find a General Practitioner in SFO?	15
I want to do my health checkup now for which I need to search for a General Practitioner. Can you help me to find some one suitable for my requirements?	15
I want to find a doctor.	15
I need to locate a doctor.	15
I need a doctor	15
I want to search for a doctor who is to be an Ophthalmologist. Can you search for me?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
I'm trying to find a doctor.	15
I need to see a doctor in Napa.	15
I need a doctor in Novato.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a dermatologist in San Fran?	15
I need to see a doctor. Find me one in Oakland.	15
Can you help me find at an ENT Specialist in Atherton?	15
I haven't found a new Gynecologist since I moved to Alameda. Can you help me find one?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you find a doctor for me?	15
My skin is peeling really badly and the soreness is getting worse. Would you find a General Practitioner I can go to, please?	15
I need a doctor.	15
I want to see a doctor!	15
I can't imagine why I'm sneezing so much. I think I'll go to a doctor for some advice. Do you have some info on a good doctor nearby, please?	15
My tooth is aching. Can you help me book a dentist?	15
Get me a dentist, I have trouble with a molar.	15
I am looking for a dentist. Can you find me one?	15
I'm looking for a dentist.	15
I am looking for a dentist. Could you find me one?	15
Hi. I need to find a dentist in San Jose.	15
Can you find me a dentist in Union City?	15
Find me a Dentist in Hercules	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
My tooth really aches. I should probably go see a dentist. Can you look for one for me?	15
I'm looking for a dentist	15
I need a dentist.	15
I really need to see a dentist. Can you find me one in the San Jose area?	15
I am in a urgent need to find for a Dentist. Can you help me?	15
I need to go to the dentist, could you find me one?	15
I need help to find a dentist.	15
Let's find a dentist for me	15
I'm looking for a dentist.	15
Can you find me a dentist?	15
I need to find a dentist in Fairfield.	15
COuld you find me a dentist?	15
I would like search for dentists in the San Jose area that perform cosmetic procedures	15
one of my teeth is paining and i need to consult a dentist. Will you find me a dentist?	15
Will you find me a dentist?	15
I need to see a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist in San Carlos.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Can you help me find a dentist?	15
Can you find me a dentist in Gilroy?	15
Can you help me locate a good dentist please?	15
Can you find a dentist for me?	15
Pull up dentists in San Jose please.	15
Could you find me a dentist? I would like something in San Jose.	15
I need to find a dentist in Alameda, can you help me?	15
I would like to find a dentist in Milpitas.	15
Hi. I need to find a dentist.	15
I need to find a dentist.	15
Please help me find a dentist.	15
Please search for a dentist.	15
Can you get me a dentist please?	15
I have a toothache. Find me a dentist in Antioch.	15
Can you help me locate a dentist in San Jose?	15
Help me find a dentist, I need some teeth work done	15
can you find me a dentist?	15
Please find me a dentist in San Jose.	15
My tooth is really hurting. Can you find me a dentist in Menlo Park?	15
Please find me a dentist.	15
Hey there, could you help me find a dentist please?	15
I am looking for a dentist in Hayward.	15
I have a toothache. Find me a dentist.	15
I haven't gotten my hair done in quite some time. Can you find me a salon in Alameda	15
I need to search up salons.	15
Can you help me find a salon to go to?	15
Can you please help me find a salon?	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I need to find a salon. I would like for the salon to be in San Francisco.	15
I'd like to find a Salon in Lafayette.	15
I'd like to find a salon.	15
I want to change my Hair style for which I need to find a Salon in SFO. Can you find me the one which is best?	15
Can you find me a salon?	15
I wan mountain view salon	15
I am looking for a unixes salon in san francisco	15
I'd like to find a nice salon in Foster City.	15
Find me a salon	15
I need to find a unisex salon please.	15
I need to get a haircut. Find a unisex salon please.	15
I want to find a salon.	15
I want a salon	15
I'm looking for a salon. Can you help me find one?	15
I need to find a salon in San Jose.	15
I would like to find a salon in Redwood City.	15
I am interested in finding a unisex salon.	15
It's been some time since I got my hair done. Any good salons around?	15
I need a hair salon please.	15
Can you help me find a salon in SF? I'd like something unisex.	15
I'm going to a wedding this weekend and need to get my hair done. Can you help me find a salon in my area?	15
Can you help me find a unisex salon in Castro Valley?	15
I need to find a unisex salon	15
It's been a while since I got my hair styled. I want to find a unisex salon in San Leandro.	15
I need a haircut. Find me a salon!	15
Can you find me a unisex salon in SF?	15
Can you help me in finding a salon?	15
Can you find a suitable salon in Mountain View?	15
Can you please help me to find a salon?	15
I want to find salon	15
Look up salons.	15
I want to visit a unisex salon in San Fran.	15
I want to visit a salon!	15
I want a unisex salon	15
Could you find me a salon?	15
I want to change my hairstyle and I need your help to find a salon. Can you search for the best one?.	15
I am having a bad day, I want to look for a salon at SFO.	15
Can you help me find a salon in San Fran?	15
Can you help me find a salon?	15
I'd like to make a salon appointment.	15
I need a unisex salon in Sunnyvale	15
Could you help me locate a salon please?	15
Can you find me a unisex salon?	15
I need to find a salon in Sunnyvale.	15
Hi there, could you help me search for some salons where I can do my hair?	15
I want to find a salon in Oakland.	15
find salon in lafayette	15
I need you to get me an eye doctor, I'm going blind I think.	15
I need some help finding a doctor.	15
I need to check my health, please find me a doctor	15
I would like a doctor.	15
I would like to find a General Practitioner in Los Altos.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
i need to go to the doctor	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I am searching for a doctor.	15
Can you please find me a General Practitioner doctor>	15
I would like see a General Practitioner in Morgan Hill please.	15
Find me a doctor in San Jose.	15
I'd like some help finding a doctor.	15
Find me a doctor.	15
I'd like to find a gynecologist in San Mateo.	15
I am not feeling well, so I am looking for a doctor.	15
I need a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor, specifically a General Practitioner in Santa Rosa.	15
I want to search for a Doctor. Can you help me to search in Oakland?.	15
help me find a doctor	15
I'm trying to find a doctor in Cupertino.	15
I'd like to find a doctor. Can you help me find a Dermatologist in Walnut Creek?	15
I need to find a Dermatologist. Can you find me something in San Francisco?	15
Can you help me find a Dermatologist in San Carlos?	15
Please search for a general practitioner in Livermore.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Is there a good Dermatologist in SFO?	15
I'm trying to find a doctor San Rafael.	15
I am not feeling well, do you know doctor here?	15
I need to find a doctor please.	15
I want a doctor	15
I haven't had a check up in so long. I need to find a doctor.	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Find doctors please.	15
Find me a doctor	15
Please find me an Ophthalmologist in Walnut Creek.	15
I need a doctor	15
can you find a general practitioner for me?	15
Could you help me find a good dermatologist in San Fran?	15
I want a doctor in SF.	15
I want to take my regular health check up for which I need to search for a General Practitioner. Can you help me to find the one who is the best?	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Hello, could you help me search for a doctor please?	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I wans a doctor	15
I need to find a doctor.	15
Can you help me find a doctor?	15
I want to see a doctor.	15
I want a doctor	15
Find me a general practitioner.	15
I need to find a physician please.	15
I would like to eat somewhere	13
Can you help me find a god place to eat?	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
I'd like an expensive place to eat that serves alcohol.	13
I'm starved! I need to find an eatery.	13
I think I'm going to treat myself to a movie and dinner night. Can you find me a restaurant that serves Pasta that is moderate priced?	13
I want some intermediate priced Cambodian food.	13
I'm meeting a friend later to go out to eat. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Latin American food around Oakland?	13
I am feeling hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.	13
I need to find something to do on this date coming up. Can you look up restaurants in Palo Alto for me?	13
Im searching for a place to eat	13
Can you please help me find me a good restaurant?	13
I'm hungry, let's find something to eat!	13
Will you find some Asian Fusion?	13
Assistant, help me find a good place to grab a bite to eat.	13
I'm hungry. Can you look for a restaurant in San Ramon which is not very costly?	13
I am interested in finding a place to eat. I would like a place that serves alcohol.	13
I want to find a restaurant.	13
Will you find me a place to eat?	13
I need a place to eat that is American and inexpensive.	13
I forgot I need to plan this date night. Can you see if there's an Italian place nearby with a moderate price range?	13
I want to find a place to eat in Sonoma.	13
What's a nice place to dine?	13
I'm hungry. Can you find me a restaurant in Berkeley? Preferably, a place with live music.	13
I am looking for cheap food in San Francisco.	13
I want to go out to eat. I'd like to try a pasta restaurant in SF.	13
Where can I eat out for today?	13
You got any moderate priced places to chow down?	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
Why don't you ever get me Diner food anymore? Can you do that for me now?	13
I am totally starving.	13
Can you find a place to eat for me?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.	13
I am going out for lunch with friends and I am looking for a venue that is not very costly.	13
It's been a long time since I've had an indulgent meal. Can you find something pricey for me?	13
Find a restaurant that serves alcohol.	13
I want to find a nice restaurant.	13
I'd like to go out to eat	13
I am planning to eat outside and for which I need your help to find some nice places with liquor supply. Can you search for the one now?	13
I am interested in finding a place to eat.	13
I need to find a place to eat.	13
I'm meeting a friend to get food together. Can you find me restaurants around SF? Price doesn't matter.	13
I want to eat somewhere in Hayward, that has moderate priced food.	13
I would like to find a restaurant.	13
I'd like to find a restaurant	13
I want to eat at a place that serves Ramen noddles. I somthing intermediate priced will be great.	13
Could you help me find a place to eat? I am looking for something new.	13
I need to find a good restaurant.	13
I want to find a new restaurant. What do you suggest to eat in San Francisco?	13
I would like to find a restaurant that has Tacos.	13
I would like a place to eat.	13
Could you find me a Breakfast & Brunch place to eat, in Oakland?	13
Find a place to eat.	13
Please search for a place to eat.	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
I would like to find a restaurant that is affordable and serves Barbecue.	13
I'd like to find a good place to eat.	13
I would like to find a restaurant in Hayward.	13
I want to find something to eat that is intermediate priced in San Jose. Thai food would be good.	13
I'm hungry. Can you find me a good place to eat?	13
Hi, I'd like to find somewhere to eat.	13
I am feeling hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.	13
Can you help me find a good restaurant?	13
I'm looking for a vegan restaurant that serves alcohol.	13
My inlaws will are coming to visit and I'm trying to find a place to eat. They really like Parisian food.	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Burger, that is intermediate priced and that has live music.	13
Could you find me a place to eat in Petaluma?	13
I am looking for a latin american place where the food is not very costly	13
I am hungry!	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat, and I don't care about the cost.	13
Can you help me find a restaurant?	13
Any place you can recommend to eat out?	13
I want to eat at a costly place.	13
I am planning to eat outside for which I need your help to find some good places.	13
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat in Palo Alto?	13
I want to find somewhere nice to eat.	13
I need to find a restaurant that's not very costly, maybe something with an Asian Fusion menu.	13
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant	13
Will you find me a place to eat?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat	13
Help me find a place to eat please	13
I need some help with finding a restaurant.	13
Can you find me a good place to eat in Walnut Creek?	13
I need a place to eat.	13
Where is a good place to eat?	13
Can you look up restaurants for me?	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat nearby?	13
I'm looking for an economical restaurant	13
I'm really feeling an itch to eat some costly lobster in Los Gatos. Can you find me somewhere where I can do just that?	13
I need a restaurant.	13
Can you find me a place to it.	13
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need your help to find one nice place. Can you help me?	13
Find me a restaurant to go to.	13
I will be meeting with some friends and would like to find a place to eat.	13
I am wanting to find a place to eat in SFO. Spicy Indian would be perfect for my needs.	13
Can you help me find a nice place to eat?	13
I will be meeting with some friends, what good place do you recommend to eat at?	13
Find me please a place to eat.	13
I want to eat something, so I want to find a place to eat.	13
I want you to find me somewhere to eat in San Leandro that has live music	13
I have a small plan to eat outside and I need your help to find some nice places to eat. Can you search the one for me.	13
Please help me find a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat with average priced food.	13
I am looking to eat somewhere any pick-up food would be fine	13
I really need some food right now. I'm looking for an eatery.	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat breakfast in Fairfield that serves alcohol?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I'm starving! I'd love to eat some lobster.	13
Can you find me something to eat in the SF area? I'd prefer California fare.	13
I'm starved! Can you find me a reasonably priced eatery in Fremont?	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I'm meeting a friend later to go out to eat together. Can you find me a place to eat that is economical?	13
Please find me a place to eat.	13
Can you find me some not very costly restaurants in Walnut Creek where Persian kind of food is served?	13
I'm hungry! I'd like to get a bite at SFO.	13
I'm looking for a good eatery.	13
I am looking for a restaurant in Campbell.	13
Could you find me something to eat in Cupertino? I need a place that serves alcohol and is economical priced.	13
I need to find a restaurant.	13
Help me find somewhere to eat. It needs to be in the moderate price range.	13
can you find a place to eat?	13
I am looking for somewhere to eat.	13
Find me a korean Barbeque type of place to eat	13
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a very expensive place to eat.	13
Do you have any recommendations for Greek restaurants? I'd like a place that's intermediate priced.	13
I am in need of finding a place to eat. The place I am looking for should be above average priced.	13
I am so starving.	13
Pull up some average priced eateries please.	13
Help me find a place to eat that's in the moderate price range.	13
Please find me a moderate priced restaurant serving alcohol and Tacos.	13
I'd like to find somewhere to eat.	13
I want to find some tapas to eat.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
i am searching for a place to eat.	13
What are some good restaurants to eat out from?	13
I almost forgot I have a date coming up I need to plan for! Can you look up some places to eat for me?	13
Where can I eat and drink alcohol for a moderate and average priced night out?	13
Find a coffeehouse place to eat.	13
I need a nice restaurant.	13
I would like to find some food.	13
I want you to find me some restaurant. I'm not pretentious about the cost.	13
I want to eat out at a joint in San Jose that serves alcohol.	13
Find me some places to eat	13
I might be meeting with some friends, what moderate priced restaurant do you recommend in Oakland?	13
I've got a date coming up and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?	13
I looking to eat in Albany that is afforadable	13
I am looking for a place to eat with Pizza.	13
Can you help me find a place to eat in Lafayette?	13
I need a place to eat	13
I am in the mood for some coffee & light bites.	13
Please help me find a place to eat.	13
Could you help me find a good spot for eating in San Francisco?	13
I want to find a Cambodian restaurant to eat at.	13
I am looking for a place to eat in Sonoma that is reasonably priced.	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Latin American food sounds good.	13
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Parisian food.	13
I am interested in somewhere that serves Portuguese food in San Jose.	13
I want to grab a burgers in San Jose.	13
Can you help me find a restaurant?	13
I want to find an Asian restaurant.	13
Can you help me find a restaurant?	13
I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Can you find some affordable American food for me?	13
I want to eat in Fremont.	13
I'd like to find a restaurant	13
I want to eat. I'm in the mood for some freshwater fish.	13
I'm interested in Italian food somewhere in San Carlos.	13
I'd like to go out to a restaurant in SF.	13
Find me a place that serves alcohol and Cambodian food.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat that serves alcohol. Gastrobar sounds perfect.	13
I would like to find somewhere to eat.	13
Hi there, any nice places I can dine at which has live music?	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
Can you help me find someplace to eat?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
Can you search for some nice places to eat and I need Live music there for my relaxation.	13
Can you help me locate a cafe serving soup & salad in the SF area?	13
Can you get me some economical food. Maybe Pizza and Pasta? I want something, but just don't have much of a budget.	13
Can you find a place to eat which serves Breakfast kind of food?	13
Help me looks for somewhere to eat.	13
I'm trying to find a restaurant.	13
I need to find a place to eat.	13
Can you find a restaurant for me?	13
I feel hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.	13
Can you please find me a good restaurant?	13
I am searching for a eating place	13
Hey, can you find me a place to eat?	13
I would like to find an Izakaya restaurant in San Francisco please.	13
I have a plan to eat outside and I need you to find some nice places for me.	13
I desire excellent repast in Antioch California. I crave Cantonese please.	13
I'm not very familiar with this area and would like to find a place to eat.	13
Find me a restaurant to visit.	13
Will you find a restaurant?	13
Can you help me find a sushi restaurant to eat at?	13
Help me find a place to eat.	13
I want a place where I can eat.	13
I need to look for eating place	13
Find a restaurant with live music.	13
I am looking for food.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I want to eat somewhere that serves alcohol.	13
Do you have any hotel in your list having average priced food items ?	13
I am looking for a costly place to eat in San Fran.	13
Hey, can you find me a place to eat nearby?	13
I need a good restaurant in Menlo Park.	13
I'm so hungry. Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I'm planning on going out to eat with a friend later. Can you find me any restaurants in Pleasant Hill that serve Pizza and Pasta food?	13
I need food recommendations please.	13
Can you find me a nice place to eat?	13
I need to find a restaurant.	13
can you find me a place with some curry?	13
I'm trying to find a place to eat.	13
I want to eat out a moderate priced restaurant in SF that sells fish. I am in the mood for that.	13
Pull up budget friendly priced eateries that serve alcohol.	13
I need a restaurant.	13
Pull up some good eatery choices please.	13
I need to find a restaurant please.	13
Can you find me somewhere nearby to eat?	13
I'm looking for a good restaurant. Can you help me find one?	13
I need to find a place to eat in any price range.	13
I am looking for some Sushi restaurants.	13
I am starving and I need a nice place to eat.	13
Please help me find somewhere good to eat in SF. I would love some Sichuan food.	13
I want to go out and eat somewhere.	13
I would like to find some Korean food to eat in San Bruno. Any price range is fine.	13
I am searching for a eating place	13
I want to find a restaurant with some really good food, not very costly with a lot of frills, just good eats. Is there a place you recommend in San Fran?	13
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant.	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
Will you find moderate priced Moroccan restaurants in San Fran?	13
I want to find a nice restaurant.	13
I'm trying to find a place to eat.	13
How about some Punjabi food?	13
Find me a place to eat in Berkeley	13
Can you find a restaurant for me?	13
I am looking for a place to eat which serves some Freshwater fish in Union City?	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat. I'm looking for a place that serves alcohol	13
Will you find a restaurant in Alameda?	13
I'm hungry. Can you find a restaurant for me?	13
I want to find a restaurant that is moderate in price.	13
I'd like to find a Latin American place to eat.	13
Help me search for places to eat.	13
I would like to look for a place where I could eat during my visit at San Francisco. Can you please help me?	13
I am looking for a place to eat in Oakland that serves alcohol. I need someplace economical priced.	13
I'm planning on going out to eat later. Can you find me any restaurants that serve Latin American food?	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
I need an afforadable restaurant in SFO	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I am tired of cooking and want to eat out.	13
Find me a place that serves Vietnamese food.	13
I want to find a restaurant serving Brunch in Redwood City.	13
I am searching for some nice place with average priced foods to eat out side. Can you search for the one that suits to me?	13
I'd like to find a place to get some food.	13
I need to find a restuarant.	13
I want to find a place to eat please.	13
I am looking for an oriental restaurant that serves alcohol.	13
I would like to eat in a place which serves alcohol	13
I want to go eat somewhere, can you help me out?	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I would like to find a Filipino restaurant in South San Francisco please.	13
I am trying to find a place to eat.	13
Hey, can you find me a place to eat with live music at a budget price?	13
Find an economical priced restaurant.	13
I have a plan to eat outside for which I need your help to find some nice places with fancy prices in San Francisco.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant.	13
Hi, are there any nice places where I can dine at?	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
I am looking for moderate priced place to eat in San Fran.	13
I am looking for a afforadable place to eat that serves alcohol.	13
Find a coffeehouse with low priced food.	13
I'm starving. You have a cafe you recommend?	13
I would like to eat something somewhere	13
I need a bite to eat somewhere.	13
Can you help my find a restaurant with above average pricing?	13
Find me a restaurant in San Francisco.	13
I need to find a cheap Chinese restaurant.	13
Generally I love to eat outside but I have no enough time to do it. But now I got some free time and I need your help to search for a nice place to eat.	13
I need help finding a place with good food, money is not a problem.	13
I think my roommate wants to go out somewhere to eat tonight. Can you look up some economical priced restaurants for us?	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat?	13
Hey, I want to eat a good burger. I want something special, so please search in the above average price range.	13
I'm in the mood for a bite, look for a restaurant	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I need to find a place to eat.	13
I need a place to eat.	13
Help me find somewhere to eat in San Francisco. Lebanese food would be ideal.	13
Pull up local eateries.	13
I am hungry for food.	13
Find me a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant in Healdsburg.	13
Fine me a restaurant to eat at.	13
I'm looking for a place to eat with Szcheuan food.	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
Could you find me a place to eat that's not very costly?	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
I am fed up of cooking. I want to eat out.	13
I would like to find a restaurant that's not very costly please.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in San Fran?	13
I would like a place that is low priced to eat.	13
I need to find a restaurant.	13
I have small plan to eat outside and I am looking for some nice places. Can you help me to find the one?	13
I would like to look for a place where I could eat. I will meet my friend there.	13
My friend's birthday is coming up and I want to find a really nice restaurant for us to go to, something expensive and memorable. So, would you help me set that up, please?	13
I am looking for restaurants.	13
I am looking for restaurants.	13
Help me find a place to eat.	13
I am hungry! Where can I eat?	13
I am in search ofa place to eat.	13
Can you help me find somewhere nearby to eat?	13
I want to go out and eat somewhere.	13
Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant?	13
Can you help me find some moderate price range asian food to eat?	13
Find me a restaurant.	13
I am in a nice mood and I want to enjoy some special food out side and for which I need your help to find some nice place to eat.	13
I need a restaurant.	13
Can you find me a place to eat?	13
I want to find a Pasta restaurant please.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant in Petaluma.	13
Help me find a reasonably priced place to eat.	13
I want to find a costly place to eat.	13
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat? Would prefer one which is economical priced and has live music.	13
I would like to find someone where to eat please.	13
Hi. Can you help me find a moderate priced place to eat in Santa Rosa?	13
Can you please find a budget restaurant in Windsor please?	13
I am looking for a place to eat with some Tacos kind of food in San Fran.	13
I'm looking for new restaurants.	13
Have you a list of restaurants offering good food? I want to take food from outside.	13
I want to find a nice place to eat.	13
I am looking to grab a Quick Meal somewhere.	13
Hi there, are there any nice restaurants located in Berkeley? I am starving.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I want to find a place where I can eat.	13
Where can I eat?	13
I need to find a restaurant please.	13
I have a guest here and we wish to dine out? Can you help me?	13
I want something to eat in San Mateo which sells alcohol.	13
I need a place to eat.	13
Hi there, could you help me search for a nice Tex-Mex restaurant in San Jose?	13
My boss's birthday is coming up and I would like to find a place to take him to eat.	13
I am looking for a restaurant.	13
I need help finding a restaurant.	13
Can you find me a place to eat in SFO?	13
I am searching for a place to eat at San Jose.	13
I would like for a place to eat in San Carlos.	13
I am interested in finding a place to eat. I would like something in the moderate price range.	13
Help me find a good place to eat	13
I'm famished! Could you find me a place to eat?	13
You know what? I want to find a nice restaurant, with some good food and not just a show or expensive decor but where I can eat, love it and get a little alcohol. What do you have on tap for me?	13
I would like a place to eat in Santa Rosa. I like pizza.	13
I would like to find a restaurant please.	13
Hi, any places where I can dine at?	13
I need to plan something for me and my friends to do when we get together. Can you find a restaurant for me?	13
I'm trying to find somewhere to eat.	13
Give me some food ideas for dining out.	13
Find me a place that serves Barbecue in Petaluma.	13
Hey, I want to find a place to eat in San Francisco.	13
I am searching for a place to eat around windsor and i want Burger type of food.	13
I would like to eat Malaysian food	13
I want to find a restaurant that serves liquor which is average priced.	13
I finally got my tax refund back and would like to take my wife to eat at a nice, costly restaurant in Los Gatos.	13
Can you find me a place to eat please?	13
I'm looking for a place to eat some Dumplings kind of food.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant. It needs to have live music	13
Hello, I am hungry. Could you help me find a place which serves nice fodo?	13
Can you find me a good restaurant in Santa Clara?	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I need a restaurant.	13
Help me find a low-cost place to eat.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need to search for some place which should be reasonably priced. Can you search it in Santa Rosa.	13
Find an afforadable restaurant.	13
I'm new to town and would like to find a good place to get some food.	13
I need to grab some chow somewhere.	13
Can you find a restaurant for me?	13
Can you find me a nice restaurant that serves American food?	13
Can you help me find an intermediate priced place to eat?	13
Find me a place to eat.	13
I am in a nice mood and I want to eat something out side for which I need your help to fine some nice place.	13
I'm looking for a quick bite.	13
I will be meeting with some friends to eat, where do you recommend to go?	13
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat which serves burger and alcohol?	13
I would like to find a restaurant?	13
I want to spoil myself. Please find a costly restaurant that sells Italian food please.	13
Could you assist me in finding a place to eat in Redwood City?	13
I need a place to grab a bite to eat.	13
find me some good place to eat and that should not very costly priced?	13
I want to eat somewhere! I want Barbecue!	13
I am really hungry and I enjoy expensive food. I could really use some Gastropub food.	13
Can you please help me to find a good restaurant?	13
I want to find a place where I can enjoy eating something.	13
Hello! I'm looking to have my dinner in a good Taiwanese restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?	13
I'm meeting some friends for dinner. Where should we go eat?	13
I am looking for an Asian restaurant in Santa Rosa.	13
Can you find me a good restaurant?	13
I want to eat out in San Jose, preferable at somewhere not very costly.	13
I am tired of this house. I want to go out to eat.	13
I'm hungry. Can you find somewhere I can eat?	13
I am feeling hungry, so I want to find a restaurant to eat in San Carlos.	13
I am looking for an average priced restaurant in SF please.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat that is not very costly?	13
Find me a place to eat.	13
I want to find a burger joint.	13
Find me a reasonably priced place to eat.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
I am looking for a reasonably priced place to eat in sebastopol	13
Im looking for a restaurant with Southern food in Half Moon Bay.	13
Can you have me find a nice restaurant?	13
Can you help me find a Szcheuan restaurant to eat at?	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
Could you help me find a good place to eat at that is not very costly and maybe has a diner atmosphere?	13
I would like to find a place to eat.	13
Can you find me a place to eat and drink some alcohol?	13
Find me a place to eat.	13
I need a place to eat that is afforadable in Larkspur.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
I'm looking for a restaurant to go to in San Fran.	13
Can you help me look for a restaurant?	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I'd like to eat some Brasserie kind of food	13
Hi, I want to find somewhere to eat.	13
I need recommendations for something to eat.	13
Can you help me find a good spot to eat?	13
i am looking to eat somewhere	13
Can you help me find a place to eat?	13
I need a restaurant.	13
Get me the list of restaurants to dine out.	13
Can you find me somewhere to eat an economical breakfast?	13
I want to visit a restaurant! Sushi is the best! Look in SF.	13
I would like a place to eat.	13
Can you help me look for a place to eat?	13
Can you help me look for a place to eat?	13
Can you help me find a restaurant, please?	13
Looking for a place to eat	13
Finding some good eats is a top priority right now. Would you look up a place for me, please?	13
Help me find somewhere to eat in Mountain View please.	13
I need a place to eat with some Russian food, in SF.	13
Do you have list of restaurants with mouth-watering dishes. We are planning to eat outdoors.	13
I want to get some food and booze. Is there California style food in Menlo park?	13
Hello! Please can you find me a good place to eat for I and my friend is searching for the best one in our locality.	13
I'm so hungry. I need to find somewhere to eat.	13
My friend is visiting from out of town and I need to find a place for us to eat. Can you look up some inexpensive restaurants in SFO for me?	13
I'm on a budget and would like help finding a place to eat. Please search for a cheap place with live music.	13
Find me a place to eat that is intermediate priced. Parisian food is great.	13
I want a place to eat	13
Hi, could you help me search for a nice place to eat?	13
I'm trying to find a place to eat.	13
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?	13
I would like to eat somewhere	13
I am searching for eating place around Sunnyvale	13
Can you find me some place to eat?	13
Can you find me a Latin American restaurant that has live music?	13
I want to find restaurants.	13
I am searching for a place to eat.	13
Help me looks for a place to eat that's not very costly.	13
I need to find a place to eat that's reasonably priced. I prefer French food.	13
I am searching for eating place	13
I need a place to eat.	13
I'm so hungry, I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Find me something bargain priced.	13
its boring to eat our daily routine food , i need a change in eating food. find some good places to eat?	13
I would like to go somewhere to eat	13
I want to find a place to eat.	13
I want food	13
My sister is coming into town and I need to find somewhere to take her out to dinner. Can you see where we could go that's not very costly and serves alcohol?	13
I'm trying to find a place to eat.	13
I'm hungry. Can you find me a nice Sushi place?	13
I am searching for eating place	13
I'm looking to dine out. I want a really ritzy, fancy upscale place in Bodega Bay.	13
I'd like to find a place to eat in Mill valley.	13
It would be fine for me if you find a nice restaurant to have food.	13
I want to meet some friends for dinner. Where can we go to eat?	13
I do not feel like cooking. Any good places out there I can eat at?	13
Hello! I'm a newbie that I came abroad recently. Please can you help me to find some good restaurants to have food?	13
I am looking for a place to eat.	13
I want some food. Can you find me an eatery with live music?	13
I want something average priced that is latin american	13
I'd like to find a place to eat.	13
Please find me an economical restaurant serving American fare.	13
I want to eat food out side for some days when I have free time. So I need your help to find nice places to eat.	13
I want a place to eat	13
How about some good food in Concord?	13
I will be meeting with some friends and we want to go to eat. What places do you recommend?	13
Could you help me find a place to eat?	13
Find an economical priced restaurant in San Francisco.	13
Find me a restaurant to eat at.	13
I would like to purchase event tickets.	4
My family have a long vacation and we wish to go for an event. Do you have any events coming up shortly? I wish to buy 4 tickets for an event.	4
I want three tickets to Giants Vs Marlins in San Fran.	4
I want to buy some tickets to events in Napa on 5th of March.	4
I want to purchase 4 tickets for an event.	4
Hello! I am interested in finding tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event the day after tomorrow	4
Will you buy me tickets to an event?	4
I am bored and would love to purchase tickets to some event.	4
I need to buy tickets please.	4
I'm looking for event tickets Friday next week.	4
Hello! I am planning to watch some event for this week end. Is there any events in queue for this week end, for I wish to buy some tickets for the event.	4
I need you to buy me some tickets.	4
Help me please, I need tickets.	4
I'd like to buy some tickets to an event.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for an event.	4
I need to buy tickets at an event.	4
I need to get some tickets.	4
I'm looking for something to do in San Francisco on the 14th of this month. There will be 3 of us.	4
I wish to get ticket for an event. I think Giants Vs Rockies is fantastic. I wish to get 1 ticket on 1st of this month.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
Will you find tickets for Chris Webby?	4
I want to search for some nice events and I also need you to book the tickets.	4
I want to get some tickets to an event	4
I need 2 tickets to the Raiders Vs Chiefs game in Oakland.	4
i wanna book 2 tickets for an event on the 5th.	4
Hello! I'd like to find three tickets to the Giants Vs Nationals game on the 3rd of March.	4
I want 2 tickets for the event Thee Oh Sees for next Monday.	4
I would like 4 tickets to see golden bears vs trojans in berkeley.	4
I need to buy some tickets for game.	4
Can I get some event tickets? I'll be in SF on the 9th of March	4
Hello! I'd like to purchase tickets to an event in Berkeley on the 6th of this month.	4
I need help for tickets on the 11th of March for 1.	4
I am looking for events that I could buy tickets for.	4
I've heard good things about Josh Groban. Can I buy 2 tickets to his event on the 11th?	4
Find me an event in San Francisco.	4
Can you get me event tickets?	4
I want to find an event in San Fran for 1, something like Giants Vs Diamondbacks.	4
I need to buy tickets for an upcoming event.	4
Find me event tickets.	4
I'd like to book tickets to Roy Ayers in Napa on the 4th of possible.	4
I need three tickets to see Nattali Rize in Berkeley.	4
I need tickets for an event.	4
Can you help me find three tickets to the Allan Rayman show on the 13th?	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
i am looking for 4 tickets in san francisco	4
I would like to buy three tickets to an event that is today.	4
I would like to buy some tickets for an event.	4
Could you help me with event tickets?	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event.	4
I'd like to buy tickets to an event in Oakland. I heard that the Raiders Vs Bengals is going to be good.	4
I want to purchase 1 ticket to an event on March 11th.	4
Hey! I wish to buy one ticket for the event that is going to happen on day after tomorrow in San Fran. will tickets be available?	4
I'd like to buy three tickets for an event on March 8th.	4
Can you help me get tickets to Electric Feels? I've heard good things, and I want 2 tickets.	4
Help me please to buy tickets to an event.	4
I would like to buy tickets to an event on March 5th.	4
I want to buy tickets for an event. I'll need four tickets for something in San Francisco on the 11th of March.	4
I am looking to buy tickets for an event on the 6th of March in SFO.	4
I'd like event tickets please. I like seeing things like Nattali Rize.	4
I want tickets to Jon B in Napa.I	4
I'm looking for an event to go to.	4
I want to buy two tickets for an upcoming event.	4
Will you buy tickets to an event?	4
I would like four tickets to an event. I heard that Raiders vs Titans is good.	4
I am hoping to get 3 tickets for an activity in SF.	4
Hi! Can you help me find event tickets?	4
I want to find events happening in Santa Rosa next Friday. I also want to buy 3 tickets.	4
I would like to purchase tickets for an event.	4
There's an event I'd like to get 3 tickets for. It's for Tuesday next week. I've heard good things about the Golden Bears Vs Trojans.	4
I'm looking for an event in Oakland	4
Can you find me tickets to some interesting event in San Francisco? Some of my friends says Giants Vs Marlins is really good.	4
I would like event tickets please.	4
I am looking for a ticket to an event	4
I want tickets to an event in Oakland. I heard about Raiders Vs Chiefs.	4
I need to pick up a rental car in Philly.	12
I need a rental car starting on the 9th of this month.	12
Hello! I'd like to find a small rental car to pick up at twelve in the afternoon.	12
I'm looking for a car to rent.	12
I will be needing a rental car soon.	12
I wish to search for a rental car.	12
I'd like a rental car, please.	12
Hi, could you help me search for an intermediate car rental for pick up at 11 o"clock in the morning, for use till the 12th of this month please?	12
Hi, could you help me search for a rental car to travel in please?	12
Please find me any type of rental car I can pick up from Portland and keep until the 3rd of this month.	12
I need you to help me to find a car to rent	12
I like to search a rental car.	12
Hello! Is there any car available for rental?	12
Find me a rental car.	12
Find for me please a rental car.	12
I require a rental car in the afternoon 1:30.	12
There is a conference for me and I am in need of rental car of any type? Please help.	12
I need to reserve a rental car.	12
I want a rental car	12
I'm looking for a car to rent.	12
I need a rental car in Portland starting at afternoon 1:30.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car. I need it starting tomorrow.	12
Can you help me find a rental car for pickup in Portland, OR at evening 6?	12
Please find me a rental car.	12
I would like to book a rental car, my car is in the shop.	12
I have to book a rental car until the 7th of March. I'd like to pick it up in Philadelphia at 1 in the afternoon.	12
Can you get me a good rental car?	12
I want to find a rental car in SD on March 8th	12
Hello, could you search for a rental car in Vancouver for use from March 8th till 10th of this month?	12
I need to find a rental car from Seattle, WA that I can get around the evening 4:30 pm	12
There is a trip for me to some place. Do you help me find a rental car?	12
I wish to search a car for rent.	12
I need an intermediate rental car.	12
I need to search for a car	12
I am going to be going on a trip and would like to find a rental car.	12
I would like to rent a medium-sized car on Monday next week around 3 pm.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I want to rent a car in Philly.	12
I need a rental car for he 10th of this month.	12
I'm looking to rent a car. I want to rent it until the 9th and I want to pick it up at five in the evening.	12
I need to sign a rental car next Thursday that I can pick up in Portland.	12
Please find me a rental car.	12
Can you help me rent a car? I want to pick one up around 17:00 on the 5th of March.	12
I would like to rent a car from SF for next Friday.	12
Can you get me a spacious rental car for drop off on the 11th of March?	12
I need help finding a rental car in Seattle, WA.	12
If I get a car on rent it will be good for me to finish my assignment. Can you do needed?	12
Help me look for a rental care. I need it in Philly until the 6th and I can pick it up in the morning 9:30.	12
I am in need of renting a car.	12
I'm looking for a medium-sized rental car from Thursday next week until the 11th.	12
I need a rental car	12
Find me a rental car around morning 10:45	12
For my next trip I have the urge to rent a car, I'm going to need it around 5 pm	12
Could you help me with a rental car?	12
I want to book a rental car.	12
I need a rental car on the 11th of March.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
Find for me a rental car please.	12
I'd like to find a full-size rental car.	12
I'll need to rent a car when I arrive in San Fran so we can visit all the places on our list. Would you help me set up a Standard rental, please?	12
Find me a rental car from Paris, France	12
I'd like to find a rental car for pickup in Washington.	12
I'm looking for a car to rent.	12
I need a rental reservation. Pull up options please.	12
I like to search a intermediate car for rental. i need the car from the 8th till 13th of this month.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Can you help me rent a car? I need one until March 14th?	12
I want to rent a large car with pickup point as Las Vegas on 5th of March.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car. I'd like to pick up a small car from NY and I'll need the car from March 7th.	12
I need assistance to find a rental car from 10th of March until 13th of this month and I require it to be available for pick up at quarter to 12 in the morning.	12
I am in need of renting a car, which I will need from March 6th till the 12th.	12
I'm going on a roadtrip. Can you help find me a rental car to pick up in Vancouver, BC?	12
I want to pick up a rental car from the 6th at 9:30 am.	12
Find me a Compact rental car to pickup in Washington on the 5th of this month.	12
Look up compact rental cars.	12
I want to search for a Car for rent from Seattle. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	12
Can you please find me a rental car to pick up around night 8.	12
I will be traveling soon, I need to find a rental car.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I am search for a car for rent from Philly. Can you help me to find the suitable one?.	12
I need to make a reservation for rental car please.	12
I'm looking for a car to rent to fulfill my needs	12
I need a car to rent	12
Can you rent a car for me?	12
My main car's being repaired right now, so I need to pick up a compact car at about three pm, and keep it until the 10th of March.	12
I'd like to find a rental car to rent on the 10th.	12
I want car half past 4 in the evening	12
I need a car to rent	12
I like to find a car to pick up from SF on the 7th of march around three in the afternoon.	12
I need to pick up a rental car at 11 in the morning.	12
I need rental car	12
I need a rental car on the 10th of March	12
I would like to find a car rental.	12
I would like to find a standard rental car that I can pick up on thursday next week around half past 9 in the morning.	12
I need a rental car until the 7th of this month. I'd like to pick it up at 2 o"clock in the afternoon.	12
I want a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Could you help me find a rental car?	12
My necessity at the moment is to rent a car until the 7th of march	12
Can you find me a rental car	12
I am searching for a car for rent. I want you to find the suitable one for me. Can you help?	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I'd like to get a rental car.	12
I want to rent a car to be able to travel with it.	12
I'd like a rental car, please.	12
Hi, could you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I want to find a rental car in Seattle, WA	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
Can you find a standard rental car on the 6th with the drop date as 11th of this month?	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
Hello, I and my friend is going out for a trip. So, looking to rent a car. Is any cars available with you?	12
I would like to reserve a full-size rental car that I can pick up at six in the evening on March 12th.	12
I need help with renting a car.	12
I need a car to find a car to rent please.	12
Can you help me find a rental car in Seattle, WA on the 3rd. I'd like to pick it up afternoon 1.	12
I need a medium-sized car for nine in the morning on march 9th.	12
Hello, could you help to search for a rental car to travel in please?	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I would need a small rental car for the 12th.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a car to rent. I need it starting on the 11th of March until March 13th. I'd like a Compact car.	12
I need a rental car. Can you find me a car in SD for next Friday? I can pick it up in the evening 6:30.	12
Can you find me a rental car? I want to pick it up next Friday and need it until the 12th. I'd like a large car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car in Washington, I'm going to need it until the 11th.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car on March 8th till March 9th in Ciudad de Mexico	12
I need a rental car until the 13th of March. I will pick it up at 16:30 on the 12th of this month.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need a car to rent, from Delhi, India at 10 o"clock in the morning	12
Find rental car in New York City to pick up at 3 o"clock in the afternoon.	12
I need a rental car for quarter to 4 in the afternoon.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Will you find a rental car?	12
I need a medium-sized rental car on Thursday next week till the 8th of this month.	12
Could you help me search for a rental car for use from 8th of this month?	12
I would like to find a rental car for March 12th in Philadelphia.	12
I need a car to rent	12
I will be making a trip soon with some friends and I need to find a car in Seattle. I need it on March 14th at half past 1 in the afternoon.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I am in need of finding a rental car.	12
I need a rental car in Portland, OR till march 14th.	12
I want to find a rental car on the 5th of March that I'll pick up at 11:00	12
Hi, could you help me make a car reservation from the 4th of this month till March 10th please?	12
I need a standard rental car for the 9th of March.	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a spacious car for rental from Walnut Creek on March 11th?	12
I'm looking for a rental car. I want something Compact, and I'd like to pick it up at 11 o"clock in the morning.	12
I want to search for a car for rent. Can you help me to find the one on the 10th and a small car is okay for me.	12
I got to rent a car.	12
Please help me in finding a rental car	12
I will be traveling soon and I need to find a rental car	12
Can you find me a rental car for Monday next week? I need to pick it up in Fremont, I want a standard.	12
I need a rental car	12
I need some transportation. Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
Hello. Can you get a small rental car for me?	12
Help me find a rental car	12
Find me an intermediate rental car from monday next week from 11 in the morning	12
I need to find a rental car, which I will pick up around 1 in the afternoon from San Jose, and I will need it till 9th of this month.	12
I'd like to look for a rental vehicle.	12
I have somewhere to go and a car to rent would be the best option	12
I'm going on a trip soon and will be needing a rental car. Can you find me any available rental cars that I can pick up from Sunnyvale and have from Wednesday next week until March 7th?	12
Can I get a rental car. I need it to drive around till March 2nd.	12
Could you please help me to find a rental car?	12
I need a rental car in San Fran.	12
I wanted to find a rental car.	12
I am interested in finding a rental car which I will pick up around 1:30 pm.	12
I would need a standard rental car for the 1st of this month till this Sunday.	12
I want aq rental car	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I'm going on a business trip and I need to rent a car. I'd like a standard car and I'll pick it up on March 3rd around 2 pm.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I'm going on vacation soon. I need to rent a small car from March 4th until the 8th of March.	12
Hello! I'm planning for a trip and wish to rent a car.	12
I need a transportation for myself and I've thought that renting a car is the best option to meet my needs	12
Cane you help me find a rental car available through 14th of March?	12
I will be on the road soon and need to find a rental car.	12
Can you find a compact rental car for me to travel around with? I want to pick it up from Concord.	12
I've got to get a rental car which I'll need until the 11th of this month.	12
I need a car rental.	12
Hello, I need help getting a rental car.	12
I wish to search for a rental car.	12
I will be taking a trip soon and need to find a rental car.	12
I'm looking to rent a car.	12
Hi, i am planning for a trip, i want to find a rental car for till the 3rd, could you find it for me?	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I'd like to look for a rental vehicle, which I require rom the 11th of March.	12
Can you find a rental car for me? I will need it from Sunday this week until the 7th of March.	12
I need an intermediate rental car that I can get at about 4:30 in the evening.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Help me find a rental car that I can pick up around 1:30 in the afternoon from Fremont. I am not particular about the type of car. Anything will do.	12
Can you help me find a hire car?	12
Will you find a rental car?	12
Can you please find me a rental car?	12
I need a rental car to travel with. I want to pick it up from Fremont on the 12th of this month.	12
My move is coming up and I need to finish planning for it. Can you find me a rental car?	12
Can you find me a spacious car to rent from March 7th to March 8th?	12
I wish to search for a large rental car up to March 7th	12
I wanted to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car in San Jose.	12
Hey, help me rent a car. I'll need it on March 12th in San Jose. A small car please.	12
I need a rental car	12
Please find me a rental car.	12
I am looking for car rental	12
I will be having a trip soon and need to get a rental car.	12
I'd like to rent a compact car.	12
i need a rental car.	12
Can you find me a rental car?	12
since my car has been given to service station i need a car. find a rental car near by?	12
I need to find a rental car that I can pick up from Concord.	12
I need to get a small rental car. I'll need to pick it up from San Jose and keep it until the 11th of March.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I like to search a small rental car for 1st of march.	12
find a rental car	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I need to find a small rental car.	12
Rent me a car from the 2nd of this month until the 7th of March.	12
Hi, i am planning for a trip, I need to find a rental car from 10th of March	12
I want to rent a car!	12
Can you find me a rental car today? I need the car until the 5th.	12
I'll be traveling to the coast soon and I need to find a rental car.	12
Find me a rental car for pick up from the Concord on day after tomorrow till the 9th of this month	12
Will you find rental car on 8th of this month?	12
I need a rental car.	12
I am interested in finding a rental car.	12
I'm looking for an automobile to rent.	12
I'd like to rent a car please.	12
I would like to rent a car.	12
I have a trip outside which needs a car on rent. Do you have any>	12
pick up san jose compact	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
i need a rental car.	12
I'd like to look for a rental vehicle.	12
Can you find me a rental car, I need it on the 7th of this month?	12
Hey, can you help me rent a car? I'm tired of walking.	12
I need to rent a car until the 5th of this month.	12
I would like to rent a car in Concord.	12
Hello! I wish to rent a car from 5th of March and I'll be able to pick it up at afternoon 1:30. Do you have any good cars?	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a rental car for use from the 9th?	12
I would like to rent a car till the 8th of March.	12
Hi, could you find me an intermediate rental car for use till next friday please?	12
Help me find a rental car.	12
I need a ride and I think that a car to rent would be the best way to satisfy my need	12
I need to rent a car. Standard will do.	12
I want to find a rental car please	12
I would like to rent a car please.	12
Could you please help me to find a rental car?	12
I'm headed to Fremont on March 10th, and i'm going to need a Compact rental please.	12
I'd like to look for a rental vehicle.	12
I'm tired of walking. Please help me rent a car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
My car is in the shop and I need a rental car.	12
Help me find a rental car	12
I need a spacious rental car to pick up half past 1 in the afternoon on the 13th of March.	12
Get me a car to rent.	12
I need a rental from Concord until the 4th of this month.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a full-size rental car in Toronto, Ontario.	12
I need a rental car	12
Looking for rental car	12
Find me a full-size rental in San Fran	12
Hello there. I need a means of travel. Can you find me a rental car?	12
I would like to find rental cars.	12
I want a rental car	12
I would like to pick up a car rental the 1st at seven in the evening.	12
Find me a rental car in San Jose?	12
Can you help me locate a car rental on March 8th in Concord?	12
Can you assist me in locating a rental car next Wednesday? I'll need an intermediate car until March 11th.	12
can you find me a rental car.	12
Can you find a rental car for me to travel with?	12
I need a rental car.	12
I will be making a trip soon and to rent a car.	12
Help me find a rental car	12
Can you help me find a hire car?	12
I want to find a car which I can rent. I want to pick up the car on 10th of March in Walnut Creek at 14:00.	12
Can you find a rental car for me? It doesn't matter what kind of car.	12
I will be travelling soon and I need to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car to pick up in San Jose at 15:00.	12
I would like to rent a standard car in Concord and will pick up at 6:30 pm.	12
I want to rent a car on Thursday next week till 13th of March in Fremont.	12
I need to find a rental car please.	12
I want to find a rental car in Fremont on 4th of this month at 3:30 in the afternoon.	12
Could you please help me to find a rental car on the 3rd?	12
Hey! Please can you find me a rental car on March 5th?	12
can you find me a rental car that i can pick up at twelve in the afternoon?	12
I need a compact car in san jose	12
Hello, I wish to rent a car for a trip.	12
I want a rental car until the 5th of this month. Do it for Walnut Creek.	12
Could you please help me to find a rental car that has to pick up me at 10:30 am.	12
I want to find a rental car please.	12
Can you help me find a rental car? I need one on Thursday next week, until March 14th, and I want to pick it up at two in the afternoon.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I'd like a rental car	12
Hi, could you help me search for a rental car on March 3rd?	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I need an intermediate car to rent.	12
Hi, I'd like to get a small rental car in Fremont until the 12th.	12
I would like to rent a car till the 11th and want to pick it at half past 3 in the afternoon.	12
I need a car to rent please.	12
I'd like to find a rental car that is spacious till the 6th.	12
I would like to rent a car.	12
I'm travelling soon and need to find a rental car.	12
Hi, I'd like to get a rental car.	12
I want to search for a car for rent. I need your help to find the spacious one in Fremont. Can you help me to find the suitable one?	12
I would like to rent a car.	12
12th of march to the 13th	12
I want to book a car for rent for which I need your help to find the suitable one.	12
I need a car to rent please.	12
I need a rental automobile please.	12
Find me a rental car till 12th of march	12
I need to find a rental car in Concord for Monday next week. I'd like to pick it up at half past 3 in the afternoon.	12
can you find me a compact rental car i can pick up later today and use until the 6th?	12
I will need a rental car until the 4th of March while I am in Fremont.	12
Please can you find a Compact rental car on March 4th so that I can pick it up at 4 o"clock in the evening.	12
Hi, I want a spacious car to rent until the 10th please.	12
I would like to find a car rental.	12
I want to pick up a rental car at half past 4 in the evening and I need it until the 5th of March.	12
Hi, could you search for a rental car for me please?	12
Hey, can you help me rent a car? I'm in San Jose and I'll need it until the 11th of this month.	12
Can you please find me a spacious rental car?	12
I will be making a trip soon. I need to find a rental car.	12
I got to rent a car in Chicago.	12
Book a rental car for me please.	12
I wanna pick it up in Ciudad de Mexico and I want to get it around 18:30	12
Im looking for rental car	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Can you find me a rental car on next Friday?	12
Can you find me a rental car from March 1st to the 6th of March?	12
I need a car rental.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I need help to find a rental car.	12
I got to rent a car on the 6th, around 4:30 in the evening. I can return it on the 7th of MArch.	12
I will need to travel soon, I need to find a compact car.	12
I'm going on a trip soon and will be needing a rental car. Can you help me find one?	12
I need a compact rental car in New York City which I'll return on the 14th of March please.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I need a rental car for the 4th with a pick up time of around 9:30 am. Any car will do.	12
Get me a rental car in San Fran. I'll pick it up on the 2nd of this month, returning it on the 3rd of this month?	12
I want to find a rental car. I would like to have it till 12th of this month and pick it up around morning 10. Any type is fine.	12
I need to find a compact rental car for the 13th of March and be able to pick it up around twelve in the afternoon.	12
I need to find a nice rental car. Can you help me out?	12
I want a rental car.	12
I need a rental car	12
I need a rental car form the 10th till March 12th.	12
I would like to rent a car from March 8th in Paris, France.	12
I need help renting a car for next Wednesday.	12
Can you find me a rental car?	12
I would like to rent a car from March 6th around 16:30.	12
I need to find a car to rent.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I want a rental car.	12
Hey, could you help me search for a rental car so that I can travel?	12
I am going out of town, so I would need a car.	12
Hi, I need your help finding a standard rental car until the 10th of March.	12
I need to find a rental car. Just a small car, please.	12
I need a rental car to pick up from toronto	12
Can you get me a rental car for pickup in San Fran? I'll need it from next Thursday until the 10th of March.	12
I need to find a rental car?	12
Please help me find a rental car.	12
I need to reserve a rental car until the 11th of this month.	12
Find me a rental car in San Fran.	12
Find me a car rental.	12
I need to rent some wheels.	12
I need to look for a car to rent.	12
I need a rental car from SD until the 11th of this month. Ideally, I'd be picking it up around 12 pm.	12
I need a rental car in Chicago on the 3rd of this month.	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a rental car from Philly for pickup on Thursday next week?	12
I like to search a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car on the 9th of this month from Seattle, WA picking up in the afternoon 3:30.	12
For a business tour I am in need of a rental car till 9th of March in afternoon 2:15. Will you look for that?	12
Hi, could you help me search for a nice rental car please?	12
I have a plan for a short trip for which I need to book a car for rent. Can you search for the one on 2nd of this month at 12:00.	12
Hi there, could you help me search for a rental car?	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I want a rental car	12
I need a small rental car, that I will use until March 9th.	12
Please help me find a rental car.	12
Hi can you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I need to rent a car that I can pick up from London.	12
I need to find a rental car for the 2nd of this month.	12
I need a medium-sized rental car until March 9th.	12
I'm going to need a medium-sized car while I'm in NY and I'm going to need it until March 12th.	12
Find me a rental car for pickup in Phoenix, AZ.	12
Can you find a rental car for me?	12
Help me find a rental car	12
I'd like to find a rental car for Thursday next week.	12
I have a meeting in Las Vegas. I need a rental car until the 2nd. I'll pick it up around morning 11:15	12
I need a rental car in Fresno	12
Find me a rental car from 10th of this month and it should be a small car and i need to pick up the car around 6 in the evening.	12
Can you find me a rental car for March 2nd? I'll be picking it up from Phoenix and will drop it off next Wednesday.	12
I need a standard rental car available for pick up at 4 in the evening.	12
I need a rental car for the 9th of March. I want it until March 11th. I'll pick it up around afternoon 12:30.	12
I will be going on a trip and I need to find a rental car.	12
I am searching for a full-size rental car and need it till 11th of this month. I'd like to pick it up around 18:30.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I would like to locate a small rental car that I can pick up from CDMX around three in the afternoon.	12
Shoot, I still haven't booked a rental car for my upcoming trip. Can you find me a Full-size car that I can pick up from Los Angeles around 1:30 pm?	12
I need a standard car for the 2nd of this month. Around the afternoon 3:30.	12
I need to rent a car	12
I'm trying to find a nice rental car. Can you find something for me?	12
Can you book a rental car for me?	12
I wish to search for a rental car.	12
Can you get me a car to rent?	12
I need a rental car in SD.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Our family is planning for a vacation trip. Please can you find a good rental car for a pleasant trip?	12
Hello, can you find me a rental medium-sized car for use tomorrow in Portland?	12
I'd like your help finding a rental car in Philadelphia. I'll pick it up the day after tomorrow. Try to find something medium-sized.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I would like tofind a Paris rental car for March 9th.	12
Can you get me a rental car for pickup at evening 6 in Ciudad de Mexico?	12
I'm in need of a rental car for an upcoming trip.	12
Can you find me a rental car on Thursday next week at afternoon 12 with the returning date as 10th of March.	12
Can you find a rental car for me?	12
I need a small rental car in Fresno, CA, until next Thursday.	12
I want a rental car in Sacramento. I will pick it up at 16:30 and make it a standard car. I like driving stick.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I am in need of renting a car in New York.	12
Can you help me find a rental car please?	12
I'm in need of a rental car.	12
Hi, could you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I need to find a car rental in Anaheim on March 8th.	12
Look up rental cars.	12
How about seeing about a rental auto for Tuesday next week, I can return it on March 9th if needed.	12
I need a rental car for March 12th. Make it a compact car.	12
Can you get me a car to rent? I want it by 3:30 pm.	12
I've got a family trip coming up and need to book a rental car for it. Can you help me?	12
I am searching for a rental Car for tomorrow at 18:30 for which I need your help. Search the convenient one for me.	12
Find a rental car.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I need to pick up an intermediate rental car on March 6th at 4:30 pm.	12
I'd like to find a rental car in Fresno.	12
Can you get me a car to rent? I'm in Seattle, WA. I need the car for March 7th and want to get it at 5 in the evening.	12
I need a rental car in Sacramento, CA from March 7th until March 11th.	12
I need a small rental car.	12
Can you find me a rental car to pick up at morning 10:45?	12
Can you find me a rental car which I will pick up at 17:00 and which I'll keep until the 12th of this month?	12
I need to use a rental car until March 11th.	12
I want a rental car! I want it until the 9th of this month. I want a spacious car please.	12
Can you find me a compact rental car in Long Beach, CA until the 5th of this month?	12
I'd like to find a rental car to pick up at 09:00.	12
I'm going on a trip and need a rental car.	12
I need to get a rental car.	12
Can you help me find a car to rent?	12
I need to find a rental car that I can pick up at afternoon 3:30.	12
Will you find a rental car in Las Vegas 'til 14th of March?	12
Look for a rental car	12
Please find me a rental car.	12
I need to travel, I will be needing a car.	12
I'd like to get a rental car.	12
I need to find a small rental car for the 10th of this month and I will need to keep the car until March 11th.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car to pick up in New York.	12
I will be traveling soon, please find a rental car in New York City.	12
I want to search a car for rent. Can you please help me to find the one for me?	12
I need to find a compact rental car for the 10th of this month in Las Vegas.	12
Please search for a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car. I need to pick one up at 1:30 pm next Friday.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car	12
I will be taking a trip soon. I need a rental car until the 11th. If possible I want to pick it up at 16:30	12
Can you help me find a car to rent.	12
I need to visit my hometown, please help me find a rental car.	12
I need to pick up a rental car at 1 in the afternoon. Find me something in Sacramento, CA.	12
I need to go for a business meetings. Will you find me a rental car till 10th of March?	12
I will be travelling soon and I will need a car in Anaheim on the 5th of this month at 1:30 in the afternoon.	12
I need help finding a rental car.	12
Can you please find a rental car for me to pick up at two pm. I will be needing it until March 10th.	12
I wish to search any type of car in Philly. It will pick it up at half past 9 in the morning.	12
Hello! I need a car to go for a trip with my friend. Do you have any budget cars available for rental?	12
I would like to find a spacious rental car on the 4th please.	12
Can you help me search for a rental car?	12
Hi, I need a help, i am planning for a trip, i want to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a car rental.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need to find a car to rent, could you help me?	12
I need you to locate a medium-sized rental car that I can use through the 8th of March, I will be picking the car up in Fresno.	12
I need to rent a car.	12
I am looking for a rental car. I need it until 13th of March. I will pick the car up at 10:30 in the morning.	12
I need a rental car.	12
Can you locate a medium-sized rental car I could pick up in Anaheim, CA?	12
I need a rental car please.	12
Can you help me find an intermediate rental car on March 11th?	12
Can you find me a medium-sized rental car for the 1st of March?	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I am in search of a rental car.	12
I need a car rental.	12
I'd like a rental car.	12
Can you get me a rental car? A standard one is fine	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need to rent a car	12
I need a rental car from the 7th of this month from Philly.	12
I am in need of finding a rental car. The pickup location for the car should be Anaheim, and I will need the car till March 10th.	12
I need a rental up until the 6th of this month.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Can you help me in findinhg a rental car	12
Could you help me get a rental car?	12
I want a rental car!	12
I need to rent a small car from the 4th of March until March 5th.	12
I have to rent some wheels.	12
Get me a rental car, will ya?	12
I need a rental car please. I'd like pick it up in sometime around half past 3 in the afternoon.	12
I need to rent a car until the 13th of March.	12
Help me find a rental car please.	12
I need an intermediate rental car. I will pick it up from Long Beach, Ca and need it until the 11th of March.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
Hi, I want to pick up a rental car in Portland, OR at 16:30.	12
I need a standard rental car for Monday next week for pick up in LA.	12
Can you help me find a rental car, compact class, to be picked up from Delhi, India.	12
COuld you look for a rental car?	12
Hey, can you help me find a rental car? I don't care what kind, I just need to be able to pick it up around three pm on the 8th.	12
Can you find me rental car for pick up on 4th of March at two pm from KL?	12
My boss just told me about a business trip he is sending me on in Philadelphia, on the 4th of March and I will be needing a rental car.	12
Find me a car to rent.	12
I'd like your help reserving a rental car.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I would like to rent a car.	12
I would like to book a rental car please starting next Friday.	12
I want a rental car. Full-size please.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need to find a car rental.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need help booking a car for rent on March 2nd and I will pick it up in NY.	12
Can you get me a rental car?	12
My car just got towed and I need a car for rent.	12
I am searching for a small rental car. I'll need the car from next Friday until March 9th.	12
I want a car rental.	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car for two pm on March 4th.	12
Hey, can you find me a standard car to rent?	12
I'll need to pick up a rental car soon and I'm looking for options.	12
I am looking for a large rental car	12
I need some help finding a rental car?	12
I'd like to book a rental car for collection on the 13th at 6:30 pm.	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need to rent a Full-size car. I want to pick it up at 8 o"clock in the night and will need it until the 8th of March.	12
I'd like to rent a small car which I'll need until March 6th. Can I pick it up around 12:30 PM?	12
Shall I get a car on rent to go outdoors?	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I need to find a rental car.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a rental car in Portland, OR on the 3rd at 12:30.	12
I need a rental car until Wednesday next week.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
Find me any car for rental on March 12th in London	12
I will be making a road trip soon and I need to find a car for the 7th of March in Anaheim.	12
I need to rent a car until the 13th. Schedule a pick up at 13:00.	12
Can you please find a rental car for me in San Diego until the 13th of this month. I'll be picking it up at five in the evening.	12
I need a rental car for March 6th in Fresno, CA.	12
Can you please find a rental car for me?	12
I need a rental car please.	12
I need to rent a car please and I'd like a large automobile.	12
Can you find me a rental car?	12
I'm going on a road trip, so I want to find a rental car.	12
I need a car for rent.	12
Will you find a rental car with pick up at nine in the morning?	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Hi, could you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I will be needing a rental car on Friday next week at 18:00 and will need it until the 13th of March.	12
I need to rent a car please.	12
I am looking for a rental car till the 10th.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I need a car to rent	12
Can you find a rental car in ATL on 5th of March?	12
Get a short term rental auto for me.	12
I would like to find a car to rent.	12
Please help with rental car.	12
I need a rental car	12
Find a rental car.	12
Can you arrange for me to rent an auto?	12
Find me a rental car	12
I'd like to find a rental car. I'd like a medium-sized car and I need it on Sunday this week.	12
Can you help me find a Compact rental car in Sydney, Australia that will be available on the 10th of this month?	12
I need a rental car in Portland, OR.	12
i am looking for a rental car	12
I would like to find a rental car.	12
I am in need of finding a rental car. I will need the car for 12th of March in Portland, and I will be picking it up at afternoon 12:30.	12
I need a an intermediate rental car till March 8th. I can pick it up at five pm.	12
Can you find a rental car in Philly on this Saturday at eleven in the morning?	12
I'd like a rental car.	12
I want to find a rental car	12
I'm thinking about going on a road trip, so can you help me find a rental car?	12
I want a rental car	12
Can you help me find a large rental car on March 10th in New York?	12
Hello! Can you help me reserve a rental car?	12
I want to get a rental car in Anaheim.	12
I'd like your help finding a rental car.	12
I need you to get me a rental ride. I need intermediate type at 3:30 in the afternoon on the 10th of March.	12
I am looking for a rental car.	12
I want the car on the 5th of this month and I will get it half past 12 in the afternoon	12
I wanna rental car in Sydney and want a small car and need the car till the 3rd of March	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
I need you to find me a rental car available until March 5th.	12
I want a rental car. I will be picking it up at 12:30 in the afternoon.	12
I need a rental car.	12
I want to find a rental car available to pick up in Portland, OR. I'll aim to pick it up at 6:30 pm on 10th of March.	12
I want a car on the 4th, please find me a rental	12
I need to find a rental car please.	12
I am heading to Phoenix, AZ and I would need a rental car.	12
Hello, could you help me search for a rental car please?	12
I want to book a rental car to be picked up at 3 o"clock in the afternoon, and I'll return the car on the 13th.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I'm looking for a rental car?	12
Can you help me book a rental car?	12
I'm going to need a rental car soon. Please find me a good car rental service.	12
Can you find me rental car for pick up at 15:30 tomorrow?	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
Can you help me find a rental car?	12
My necessity is to rent a car	12
I need to go around so rent me a car.	12
Find me a small rental car.	12
I would like to find a rental car. I need it in Portland, Or on the 9th and until the 10th of this month.	12
I'd like a rental car please.	12
I need a compact rental car on the 9th of this month and want to pick it up at afternoon 3.	12
I'm going to Vancouver, BC, and I want to pick up a small rental car while I'm there.	12
Hey, can you get me a rental car from the 8th of this month until the 11th of this month?	12
I need a rental car.	12
I have a plan for a short trip for which I need a car for rent. Please help me to find the good one.	12
I need a car to rent	12
I would like to rent a car till the 12th of March at 11 in the morning.	12
Can you find a rental car for me?	12
I need a car by 1:30 in the afternoon.	12
I need you to find me a rental car for pick up at five in the evening.	12
Can you help me locate an intermediate car for rental?	12
I need a rental car soon.	12
I want to search rental car	12
I need a rental car in Atlanta, GA.	12
I want a rental card in SD	12
I'm going to visit my sister in Sacramento who just had a baby so I will need a rental car when I get there on March 2nd.	12
I need a rental car. I'll pick it up at half past 12 in the afternoon, and I'll have it until the 6th of March.	12
I want a rental car	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
I'd like a rental car.	12
I want to rent any type of car till 10th of this month.	12
I am interesting in renting a car.	12
I want to search a car for rent. Help me to find the one.	12
Find me a rental car.	12
I'd like to get a rental car to help with travel on this upcoming trip.	12
I need help findng a rental car.	12
I would like to reserve a rental car till the 14th.	12
I'd like to find a rental car.	12
My car is gone for service. Rent me a car.	12
Can you rent me a small car?	12
I am searching for a rental car.	12
I'd like to get 3 tickets for Jojo Siwa.	4
I would like four tickets to the Yankees vs Orioles in New York City.	4
I want to reserve tickets to the White Sox Vs Twins game on the 10th of this month. Two tickets please.	4
I need to reserve 2 tickets to an event.	4
I want to get tickets for an event.	4
I need to go out more. Can you help me book the ticket to an event?	4
I would like to search for an event on the 12th of this month for the Phillies Vs Pirates around Philly.	4
I wish to book a ticket for an event.	4
I'd like to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I want tickets to see a game. I want 4 for the Arizona Vs Milwaukee game on the 7th.	4
I'd like to get four tickets for the Lights event.	4
would like to reserve tickets at an event.	4
I need a ticket.	4
Look for some interesting events and make my seats reserved,please.	4
Hello! I need to find tickets to a show. Can you help me?	4
I would like to take my mom to the Emmylou Harris event coming up. Can you reserve tickets for mee?	4
I wish to book ticket for an event	4
I'm going to need your help to buy tickets for an event.	4
I'm looking for any events going on that I can get tickets for.	4
I am looking for some events around Atlanta. Can you help me find tickets?	4
I would like to reserve tickets for an event. Particularly something on Saturday this week.	4
Can you help with me reservations for an event?	4
Can you help me get tickets?	4
I want to get tickets to Local Natives on March 2nd.	4
Can you help me to book tickets for an event? I like to book for the event Bonobo, which is more liked by me.	4
I would like to make an event reservation.	4
I need to reserve tickets.	4
Help me find tickets to an event please	4
Get me tickets to the Spose event in Los Angeles on the 6th.	4
There's a New Found Glory event that's happening and I want tickets preferably for the 10th. And it should be in Chi-town.	4
Can you help me to reserve one ticket to an event please?	4
I want to reserve tickets for an event.	4
I'd like 2 tickets to an event on March 4th.	4
I want two tickets for a ball game in LA on the 11th of March.	4
I'd like to get two tickets to an event. Can you help?	4
I need some excitement in my life. I want to get some tickets for an event.	4
I want to get 1 ticket to the Mets vs Dodgers game on the 2nd of March.	4
let's find some upcoming event dates please.	4
I'm looking for events to see please. I really enjoy things like Seahawks Vs Cardinals.	4
I am interested in finding dates for Mac Demarco	4
I want to find some things to do.	4
I'm looking for a Blue Jays vs Braves game in Toronto.	4
i am looking for an event	4
I will be meeting up with some old friends soon. I am looking for dates for events.	4
Will you find events in SF?	4
Can you find dates for an event?	4
I want to see a Jon B concert at Napa.	4
I am looking for dates for an activity or event.	4
I'd like to add some events to my forthcoming schedule, can you help me find some things of interest?	4
I'm looking for dates for events that are good, something that's in Toronto. Actually, Toronto Vs Ottawa seems to be really good.	4
I'd like to find dates for events.	4
Can you find me some event dates?	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I want to find dates for an event. Some friends of mine told me that the match between Blue Jays Vs Rangers was great. I want for the event to be in Toronto, Canada.	4
Can you help me to find dates for events?	4
I'm looking for dates to do something fun.	4
I need some event dates. How about the Padres Vs Diamondbacks?	4
I want to search for some nice events in LA and I also need to check the dates of that events. Need your help to find the good one.	4
Find me dates to see Vertical Horizon.	4
I'm looking for Greensky Bluegrass in Phoenix, AZ.	4
Would you mind helping me find event dates please?	4
Find me some event dates.	4
I'd like to find events in NYC to attend. I want to see something such as Mets Vs Pirates.	4
I'd like to find some dates to go to an event.	4
Find dates for stuff to do in Atlanta, GA.	4
I'd love to go to a Nationals Vs Diamondbacks game in DC. When should I go?	4
I would like to find the date for Carbon Leaf playing IN the District of Columbia	4
Find dates for Sparks vs Lynx.	4
I want to attend events in Chi-town.	4
I want to find events in New York.	4
Can you find me an event to go to?	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events to attend?	4
Could you please help me finding dates for events?	4
I'm looking for some interesting event dates.	4
I want to find dates for events in San Fran.I heard that Cher is very good.	4
please help me find dates for events.	4
Can you help me find an event to attend?	4
Hi, could you help me search for some interesting events?	4
Can you please help me find dates for Michael Feinstein events?	4
Hi, I'd like to find dates for some events.	4
I would like to pull up dates for upcoming events.	4
I'm trying to find a few dates for an event in LA.	4
I want to find an event to go to please.	4
I'm a die hard fan of the Cubs. Can you get a Wrigley Field seat to the Cubs Vs Brewers? I'm looking at Chicago now.	4
Timbers Vs Rsl in Portland, OR is an event i'm interested in getting more information on.	4
Hello! I'd like to find dates for an event.	4
I am planning to go out to watch some events as I have get rid of tiresome business hours. Can you help me by finding some events?	4
I need to leave my house to go somewhere. I heard that Thee Oh Sees will be playing in NY.	4
I'd like to find some dates for events.	4
Hi, I'd like to find dates for an event.	4
Please find me event in Seattle.	4
I need to find dates for events.	4
I would like to find dates for events in NY.	4
I want to find a Through The Roots show in San Diego.	4
I want to search for some nice events and I need your help to find the event dates.	4
Hi, I'd like to find event dates for Sounders vs United, which is supposed to be great.	4
Hello! I am looking for some good events coming up shortly. I think Gloryhammer is a good one. Do you have idea on this?	4
I'm looking for the date of an event.	4
I'm looking for dates for a Blue Jays Vs Rangers game in Toronto, Canada.	4
Find dates for Crystal Lake in London, UK.	4
Hi there! I am so bored right now, could you help me search for some dates for the Diamondbacks Vs Reds events?	4
Is there anything fun happening around town?	4
pull up some events happening in Atlanta please.	4
I want to find some interesting event dates as I have plenty of time for it.	4
I want dates for events	4
Can you help me find event dates?	4
I want to find out dates for events in Portland. I heard that Erica Fernandez is really great.	4
When is there something happening around town?	4
Can you find me the date for something to do?	4
Can you help me find an event for a date?	4
I'm looking for some dates for events in Phoenix.	4
I want to find events.	4
I want to find some event dates. I heard Roy Ayers is realy good.	4
I am looking for dates for events. I'm trying to find something in Seattle. I heard Mariners vs Rangers is really good.	4
I came to know that Thee Oh Sees is good and i need to search for interesting event dates in NYC	4
Is there anything interesting to do in New York city?	4
I want tickets for the Angels Vs White Sox game in Anaheim.	4
Could you hook me up with a list of events and their dates in San Fran?	4
Search San Fran for the Giants Vs Brewers game dates please.	4
I want to find some dates for events in NYC.	4
Get some dates and events now please.	4
Can you help me find dates for some events? Dc United Vs Revolution or something similar might be good. It would have to be in the Washington D.C. area.	4
I want to know where there is a show taking place.	4
I need help looking for event dates in District of Columbia.	4
I'm wondering if you can help me find dates for an event I'm interested in.	4
Hi there, could you find some dates with interesting events I can attend?	4
I'm getting together with an old friend and need to find something for us to do. I was thinking about trying to go see Hozier - can you check their tour dates?	4
Can I enjoy Owls Vs Terrapins? Do you have events details?	4
Can you find dates for some events?	4
I want to know the dates for the Beach Boys events which friends told me was fun, and I want the event to happen in Vancouver.	4
Hello! Please may I know if any good events coming up in Napa?	4
I will be visiting US next week, please help me search for events I could attend to. An event at LAX is something that I am looking for.	4
I want to search for some nice events in SF and I like the one named Giants Vs Brewers which I think is the nice one. Can you find for the dates for this event?	4
I want to find event dates. I am interested in finding something in the city of Philadelphia.	4
I haven't gone out to do something for fun in ages. Can you look up what upcoming events are happening?	4
I'd like to find dates for events.	4
Hello! James here! I've got a leisure time and looking for some upcoming events in Chicago. Please can you suggest some with dates?	4
I want dates for events	4
I need to find event dates. How about Jason Isbell in NY?	4
I need to find events.	4
Is there anything exciting happening in town?	4
Hi! Can you help me find something to do?	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I want to find things to do.	4
Is there anything interesting to do in Portland? I am thinking that Hozier might be fun.	4
I am looking for event dates in Anaheim, CA. I heard that th e Angels Vs Tigers is awesome.	4
I am searching for some thing to do. What do you think about an event like Guided By Voices? Can you search for the dates of this event?	4
I need to find some dates for events.	4
I'm looking for dates to go to the Owls vs Huskies event.	4
I will be visiting my brother soon, can you please help me to look for events?	4
I wanted to look for event dates and i came to know that Falcons Vs Buccaneers is goOd and i wanted something around Atlanta, GA	4
I like to find dates for events.	4
I am interested in some events	4
I am looking for events. Sparks Vs Storm is a good one. Check in LA.	4
I wish to find dates for event. I am searching for something in NYC.	4
I am new in town. Look me some event dates.	4
I'd like to find dates for events. I'm trying to find something in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I am looking for some nice events like the one Lafc Vs Toronto Fc which I think is the best one. please search for the dates to this event.	4
I need to get out more. Find me some events in Chicago please.	4
I need dates for happenings in Los Angeles. I like the Dodgers Vs Giants.	4
Hey, can you help me get dates for events. Pup is supposed to very good.	4
Hey, could you find the dates of some events for me?	4
Can you find me dates for events?	4
I want to check Owls Vs Yellow Jackets events.	4
Can you find me dates for the Beach Boys in Vancouver?	4
I want to find event dates.	4
I want to know what there is to do that is interesting.	4
Find dates for Eagles vs Cowboys in Philly.	4
Hello! I'm free for a day. Please can you find any good events upcoming?	4
Can you help me find dates for some events in LAX?	4
Can you tell me some dates for an event?	4
Can you help me get dates for events that are in Atlanta. People are telling me I should go see United Vs Red Bulls.	4
I would like to find event dates.	4
I need event dates in Los Angeles. Perhaps Kishi Bashi.	4
I am looking for some event dates in Seattle.	4
I want to find dates for some events.	4
I am interested in finding dates to some events.	4
Find dates for events for me to attend.	4
I need dates for an event.	4
I'd like to find dates for events. I'm trying to find something in New York City.	4
I want to attend Carbon Leaf in DC.	4
I would like to find event dates please.	4
I want to find a good event to attend, something like the Psychedelic Furs.	4
I'd like to find some events to go to in Washington, D.C.	4
Hi, I'd like to find dates for events in Philadelphia.	4
I need some event dates.	4
Please find me events for a specific date.	4
I am looking for a Local Natives event in SD.	4
I'm looking for event dates to take my brother out for his birthday.	4
Can you find me something to do in Philadelphia?	4
Can you help me to find event dates for Sara Bareilles?	4
Im interested to find dates for events.	4
I need helping finding events in Anaheim.	4
Try to find me Thenewdeal in Washington D.C.	4
Can you help me find dates for a certain event I'm interested in?	4
Im looking for events dates in LA i heard starset is really nice	4
I need to find event dates.	4
Find me a date for the event like Yankees Vs Angels	4
I want to find event dates.	4
I want to find date for an event.	4
Please list off some dates for events that are coming up soon.	4
I need to go somewhere interesting.	4
I want to find an events in SD. I want Psychedelic Furs.	4
Can you find me some events near LAX?	4
I'd like to find dates for the Blowout Music Festival in NYC.	4
Hey! what about any events coming up shortly, for I wish to have a good time with my friends?	4
I would like to find dates for events.	4
Could you find me the dates for the mets vs pirates in NY?	4
Please find me events.	4
Find event dates.	4
Hello! I'd like to find a date to see the Blue Jays Vs Indians.	4
It'd be neat if I could find a date for an event.	4
I am looking for event dates in Wallows London.	4
I am really looking forward for the Owls Vs Yellow Jackets event. Could you find me the dates for these?	4
I want to find an event to go to in San Diego.	4
I'm finally off bed rest and would like to find something to do in Vancouver, can you help me?	4
I really need to do something in my holiday time. Find me some event dates.	4
I want the White Sox Vs Tigers events something in Chicago, please find me some.	4
I like to search dates for events.	4
I want to find a date for Acoustic Alchemy.	4
Hey, when is the Nationals vs Brewers game?	4
I want to find some dates for events in New York.	4
I'm trying to find dates for events. I'm trying to find something in Vancouver, BC.	4
I'm looking to go to an event, can you find me some dates?	4
I want to go to the Whitecaps Vs Earthquakes, a friended recommended me to go. It is taking place in Vancouver, BC.	4
I'd like to find some events to attend in DC. I've heard good things about Nationals vs Rockies.	4
I'd like to find the dates for events, please.	4
I want to find events in SD. Vampire Weekend is supposedly really good.	4
Find me some event dates.	4
I'm look for some events in San Francisco. I've heard good things about the Giants Vs Marlins. Can you find some dates?	4
I'm looking for an event to go to in Portland, OR.	4
I want to know the dates for events happening in New York City.	4
Let me have look at the date of events.	4
My calendar is looking a little bit bare, I reckon, so I'd like to go to some fun events. Please help me find what's going on.	4
I want to while away some free time. So I need you to look for event dates.	4
I want to find upcoming event dates. I want to see what's happening in LAX. Spose is good.	4
I'm looking for dates for events.	4
Hello! Can you help me find dates for an event?	4
Please help me find events in London.	4
Can you find me dates for an event?	4
Find dates for events.	4
I want to know what is happening.	4
Imagine going to see something entertaining and stress relieving after a hard day's work. Can you find something for me in NYC, please?	4
I'm looking for dates of events in New York City. I'm interested to Harlem Gospel Choir	4
I am interested in finding some event dates in Phoenix, AZ. I heard that the Diamondbacks Vs Orioles will be a good game.	4
I want to find fun event dates.	4
I'm looking for some events	4
Im looking for events dates. I heard friends is really nice in Portland	4
I want to know the dates for the Squeeze event, because some friends told me it should be fun.	4
Can you find dates for Gloryhammer in Los Angeles?	4
I want dates for events	4
I want to look for some events.	4
I would like to see Gloryhammer in Los Angeles.	4
Can you please help me find some event dates?	4
I want to go to an event. Carbon Leaf seems interesting. I want something in Washington.	4
Can you find me some event dates, particularly for The Cinematic Orchestra which, from what I've heard, is supposed to be great?	4
Find Imperial Daze dates in London, UK.	4
I'd like to find some events.	4
I need to look for event dates	4
Can you help me find dates for some events?	4
Hello, is there any events upcoming shortly. I'm looking for some good events in NYC. Do you have any opionion on Revolution Vs Nycfc for I heard its really a good one.	4
I want to see the Drums in Phoenix, AZ.	4
I would like to attend to an event in chi-town, I like basta	4
Help me to find an event to attend in Vancouver, BC.	4
I would like to find dates for the Outlaw Music Festival.	4
Hi, I need a help, i am interested to finding dates for events Could you find some events for me? I really like Sounders Vs United event.	4
Can you find some event date for me please?	4
People have all been telling me about this Huichica Music Festival that's supposed to be great. Help me find some dates for the event.	4
I'd like to find dates for events.	4
I think I want to treat myself to a little vacation. Can you see what events are going on in Chicago? I heard Timmy Trumpet might be touring.	4
I would like to see the event Girl In Red.	4
I am going to Vegas. Can you search the dates of some events there?	4
Hi, could you search for some interesting events which I can take part in please?	4
I am interested in finding when events are happening.	4
I would like to find an event like the Blue Jays Vs Orioles.	4
I am looking for something to amuse me. Find me dates of any event.	4
I need to find a good Carmina Burana event in San Fran.	4
I want to find event dates. I heard that Bill Callahan is good. I need something in LA.	4
I need to find event dates.	4
I want to find events.	4
I want to look up dates for events.	4
Lets look into some event dates, shall we?	4
Can you find me event dates for Starset in Los Angeles?	4
Hi, I want to find dates for the event Rams vs Cardinals, which is supposed to be really fun. It's in Los Angeles.	4
I want to attend the Freestyle Love Supreme show in Washington D.C. When would an event be taking place?	4
I am interested in finding some dates for events.	4
My friends have been raving about how good Okkervil River is. I think they're playing in San Fran soon. Can you check if they are?	4
I'd like to look for dates for events in District of Columbia.	4
What events do I have on my calendar?	3
I want to check my calendar for events on the 11th of this month.	3
check my calendar for events on 4th of march	3
I would like to check events on my calendar for this Saturday.	3
I want to see what events are on my calendar. Check the 10th of this month.	3
Can you tell me about events on my calendar?	3
Can you tell me what I have on the 10th.	3
I need to check my schedule.	3
I'd like to check for scheduled events on my calendar.	3
Find me events in my calendar.	3
Could you look at events on my calendar for the 14th of this month?	3
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.	3
I want to see my events.	3
I need to check my calendar events.	3
Can you see what I have going on in my calendar on the 9th of this month?	3
What are my calendar events for the 8th of March?	3
I want to check my calendar for the events noted on the date of 9th of this month. Please check the same.	3
Pull up my calendar and let's view next Monday.	3
I want to see the events on my calendar for the 11th of March.	3
I want to check out my calendar for 10th of March to see what events I have booked.	3
Can you tell me what events I have scheduled?	3
I think I had something planned with a friend later today but I can't remember. Can you check my calendar for March 7th?	3
What do I have going on in my calendar on the 8th?	3
Hi, I'd like to check my calendar.	3
Get out my calendar please.	3
I'd like to check my calendar for the 3rd of this month.	3
I need to find events on my calendar.	3
Can you check what events are on my calendar? I'm curious about Tuesday next week.	3
Check the events on my calendar for me.	3
I'm wondering what my schedule looks like on March 7th.	3
I like to check events on my calendar and the date is march 12th.	3
Search for events in my calendar.	3
Can you check my calendar?	3
Pull up my calendar and check upcoming event dates.	3
I want to check the events on my calendar.	3
Tell me what events I have scheduled in my calendar for the 13th of this month.	3
I need to check events on my calendar.	3
I need to make sure I don't forget anything on my calendar.	3
check events for the 9th on my calendar	3
Please check my calendar on the 14th	3
I would like to check some calendar events.	3
Check my calendar for events on the 6th of March.	3
I forgot what time my plans were with my friends. Can you check my calendar for March 13th?	3
Hello, I need to have a look at the events on my calendar.	3
I need to check my calendar for some events.	3
I need to check my calendar.	3
Search my calendar for events.	3
Can you check my schedule for the 13th of March?	3
I'd like to check for events on my calendar for the 4th of March.	3
Hi. I need to check events on my calendar.	3
What do I have scheduled	3
Check my calendar for the 8th of this month.	3
I need to check events on my calendar for the 11th.	3
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.	3
I need to figure out when I can visit my mom. Can you check a few things on my calendar for me?	3
Can you help me to find the events on later today in my Calendar? I need to check it now.	3
I want to check the events on my calendar.	3
I would like to know what's on my calendar.	3
I'd like to check events on my calendar on the 14th of this month.	3
I think I have an appointment coming up but I can't remember. Can you check my calendar for the 4th of this month?	3
I want to check the list of events noted in my Calendar for which I need your help.	3
Check for me please events on my calendar.	3
Can you look at what I have on my calendar?	3
Please check my calendar events.	3
I need to find out what's on my calendar for the 13th.	3
Check my calendar	3
Will you check events on my calendar?	3
Check my calendar.	3
I would like to check my calendar.	3
I need to check events on my calendar.	3
I need to check what events I have on my calendar.	3
Please help me check events in my calendar	3
I need to check my events calendar.	3
I would like to check my calendar events.	3
Hi, I want to check what I have on my calendar.	3
Please check events on my calendar for March 1st.	3
What is on my calendar for the 11th of this month?	3
I want to see what's currently in my calendar.	3
I wanna see what's on my calendar for the 14th of March.	3
What does my March 2nd look like?	3
Can you please check my calendar for March 1st?	3
Could you look up some events on my planner.	3
I would like to check out some events for my calendar of Wednesday next week.	3
What do I have going on for the 3rd of March?	3
I need to see what events I have scheduled.	3
Will you check my calendar?	3
What's listed on my calendar for March 14th?	3
Check for me events on my calendar.	3
What events do I have on my calendar?	3
I want to see the events I have planned on my calendar for March 3rd.	3
Please tell me what events I have scheduled for the 1st.	3
Help me look up events on my calendar.	3
Find me events on my calendar.	3
I need to check calendar events. The date is to be next Thursday.	3
I'd like to check my calendar for the 2nd of this month.	3
Can you check events on my calendar for 13th of march	3
I need to know what upcoming events I have scheduled.	3
Today's Friday, March 13th. I'll probably have bad luck if I go out, so I guess I'll just stay home. I wonder if there's anything I was supposed to do? Do I have anything scheduled for today?	3
I need to check my calendar to see what I have going on.	3
I would like to check the calendar for events.	3
I need you to check my calendar for events.	3
I want to check my events on my calendar for Friday next week.	3
I would like to check my calendar for Tuesday next week.	3
Check for me please in my calendar for events in the 12th.	3
I need to check calendar events for next Monday.	3
I would like to check my calendar for the 9th.	3
What's on my calendar for the 8th of this month?	3
I would like to check my calendar on the 14th of this month.	3
What do I have schedule Tuesday next week?	3
Let's peek into my calendar shall we?	3
Please check my calendar events.	3
I want to see what I have scheduled for the 1st of this month.	3
Please check the events on my calendar.	3
I'd like to see what I have on my calendar for March 4th.	3
Give me the lowdown on what's going on with my calendar on the 10th of this month.	3
I'd like to check events on my calendar for the 7th of March.	3
Check my calendar for the 13th of March.	3
I am looking for events on the 11th of this month.	3
Please check what's on my calendar.	3
What do I have going on for Monday next week?	3
Please check what events I have on my calendar on March 7th.	3
Check for me please events on calendar in 10th of March.	3
I want to see events on my calendar.	3
Can you check if I have any events on the 4th of this month?	3
What's on my calendar for Thursday next week?	3
Please check my calendar	3
I would like to see the events that I have on my calendar.	3
I am wanting to check events on my calendar for March 3rd.	3
Can you help me check the events on my calendar?	3
Can you check events on my calendar please?	3
Please help me check events on my calender.	3
Im looking for events on my calendar	3
I would like to review my calendar appointments	3
Please check my calendar for events.	3
I would like to look for events on my calendar.	3
Would you please run down my calendar with me for the 2nd of this month?	3
Can you check my calendar for the 4th?	3
Can you check my calendar event on the 7th of this month?	3
I need to check my calendar events.	3
What's up with me on the 12th of March?	3
Can you help me check my calendar?	3
I need to check my calendar for events.	3
Can you check my events calendar?	3
Check the events on my calendar for me	3
Hey, I need to check my calendar.	3
I want to look my events on my calendar	3
Can you check events on my calendar?	3
Check events on my calendar.	3
Some friends are coming ovre and I want to know what I have scheduled for the 12th of March.	3
Can you tell me what my calendar looks like on March 11th?	3
What do I got going on in my calendar.	3
check my calendar for me	3
Can you check calendar events for Monday next week?	3
Find me events that I have on my calendar for the 9th of this month.	3
Can you check the 11th of this month on my calendar?	3
Can you check my calendar?	3
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.	3
Check for me my calendar on the 11th, please.	3
I want to check my calendar on the 11th.	3
I want you to get my calendar.	3
I want to see what's happening in my schedule on March 8th.	3
What events do I have scheduled on March 1st.	3
I want to check my calendar for events.	3
Can you check my schedule for March 11th?	3
Please help me check my calendar events.	3
I want to see what I have down on my calendar.	3
What do I have going on on the 14th of this month?	3
Please check on availability on my calendar	3
Can you check my calendar for me?	3
I need a Luxury cab for 3 to Halu Shabu Shabu.	14
I need to get a cab right away.	14
I'm going somewhere but I don't have a ride there. Can you help me get a cab?	14
I would like to book a cab.	14
I want a cab ride to 3478 Camino Tassajara Ste B. There's only 1 person in my group.	14
I'm going out with some friends for a bit. Can you book me 1 seat in a pool ride to Reading Terminal Market?	14
Will you reserve a cab?	14
Can you help me find a cab?	14
I need a cab please.	14
Hi there, could you get me a luxury ride for 1 to 5720 Mowry School Road please?	14
Will you find a cab for 2?	14
I'd like to get a taxi for a ride to 100 Ellinwood Drive in a cohort of two.	14
I need to call a cab.	14
I need a taxi please.	14
I need a cab please.	14
I am in need of having a cab. I want to have a Luxury ride to go to Lemongrass Bistro.	14
I need a regular cab for 1.	14
Get me a luxury cab for 1 to Vin Antico.	14
I need a cab.	14
I need a cab for two.	14
I need to have a cab ride set up for me.	14
I need a cab please.	14
I need to get a cab	14
Hey, I wish to go for a ride to Golden Rice Bowl. Only 1 will be travelling. Please can you find me a cab?	14
I want a cab	14
Will you find a cab?	14
I need a cab	14
Can you find me a cab to Aldo Los Altos?	14
I need a taxi.	14
There is an urgency to go out. Can you arrange a cab for me?	14
I need a cab for 1.	14
I am in a group of two and need a cab ride to Flight Wine Bar & Cafe	14
Can you get me a cab to 1300 South Main Street? I prefer a regular ride.	14
I'd like a cab.	14
I like to get a cab.	14
I'd like to book a cab.	14
Can you get me a cab?	14
I need to get a cab.	14
I need your help to book a Cab for a ride to Aung Maylika and I need this for 3 people.	14
I wish to get a cab.	14
How about you get me a cab to go to Orchids Thai?	14
I need a cab, please.	14
I need to get a cab. Can you help?	14
I need a taxi.	14
I need a cab.	14
I'd like a car for 2 people, please.	14
Hello, I need a cab for two please to 1606 North Main Street.	14
Hi, I'd like to order a cab for two people.	14
I would like a cab pool ride to 10000 Sir Francis Drake Boulevard for three.	14
Please search for a cab.	14
I want a regular ride	14
I am in need of having a cab.	14
I need a cab to meet up with some friends.	14
I need a taxi.	14
Get a cab to 2509 Broadway.	14
I need a regular cab ride to 1111 Meridian Avenue Ste 5.	14
Can you book me a luxury cab ride for two to 1585 Casa Buena Drive?	14
Reserve a cab for 1 person please.	14
I want a Luxury ride to 638 El Camino Real and a cab.	14
I want a cab ride to 498 14th street	14
I want a cab. I want it for 3 people. We are going to 1016 Santa Rosa Plaza.	14
I need a cab.	14
I need a taxi.	14
I need to book a cab please	14
I need a luxury ride please.	14
Can you book me a cab?	14
I need a cab in a Regular ride	14
I'm looking for a cab.	14
Please help me find a cab.	14
Please help me get a cab.	14
I need to get a cab.	14
I need a cab.	14
I am search for a Cab. I need your help to find the one for me.	14
i like to travel near by . Find a good cab to travel?	14
Can you book me a taxi for one?	14
I need to get a cab.	14
I want a Regular ride, please find me a cab.	14
help call a cab	14
Please help me find a cab for 1 person, going to Science World at TELUS World of Science.	14
Hi, can you get me a cab for 2 people going to Darda Seafood?	14
Hello, I need a shared ride for one people to go to Korea Garden. Please can you help me to book a cab?	14
Can you help me find a cab?	14
I'm heading to Cartoon Art Museum. Call me a cab please.	14
Could you find me a shared ride for 4?	14
I am going to need a ride to 355 Santana Row #1060. It's just for one, but I am OK with a shared ride.	14
Can you call a taxi cab, please?	14
I don't have any travel of my own right now. Can you get me a cab?	14
I need you to call a cab for me.	14
I need a cab.	14
I need to go somewhere, can you find me a cab?	14
I would like to get a shared ride cab for one person with a destination of 250 Bel Marin Keys Boulevard # C5.	14
I need a cab for 2 people and I'm fine with a shared ride.	14
Book a cab please.	14
I need to call a cab ride.	14
Can you call a cab for me?	14
Could you assist me in hailing taxi for three people?	14
can you call me a cab now?	14
Will you call a cab?	14
I need help getting a cab.	14
can you call a cab for me for two people and get us to 558 bridgeway	14
You need to get me a cab.	14
I want to go to Rusty's Southern for which I need to book a Cab. Please search it for 1 person and a Shared ride will be okay for me.	14
I need to book a cab to Superior Palace for one person.	14
Would you help me find a cab?	14
Please call a cab for me.	14
Please help me get a cab.	14
I need a taxi please.	14
Can you get me a taxi?	14
Can you get a cab for me?	14
Please find me a cab for 4 people to go to 4501 Rosewood Drive.	14
May I have your help getting a cab?	14
Hey, can you get get me a taxi?	14
I want help calling a cab. Shared ride is ok.	14
Could you help me find a cab?	14
Help me to call a cab	14
I need your help to book a Cab to go to Mandarin Gourmet Restaurant. Even a Cab with shared ride is also okay for me.	14
I need a cab please.	14
Could you help me find a cab?	14
I need help to call a cab.	14
I have to go to Agrodolce Osteria ina shared ride, would you book a cab for me?	14
Could you call a cab for me?	14
I wanna go to Union Hotel Restaurants	14
Can you get me a cab I need to get to 3466 Mount Diablo Boulevard Suite C-104?	14
Can you call a cab for me? A shared ride is ok provided there is room for two people. We need to go to Salito's Crab House & Prime Rib.	14
I need a cab.	14
I would like a shared cab to get to Gallo's.	14
I need a shared cab ride for 2 people, can you help me?	14
I'd like to book a cab.	14
Can you help me call a cab? I want to go to OUE Skyspace LA. The cab would be for 1 person and I'm fine with it being a shared ride.	14
Would you find me a cab?	14
I need to call a cab, can you help me?	14
I want to book a Cab now for which I need your help.	14
I need to book a cab	14
Can you please call me a cab for 1 person to go to Cypress Point Villas?	14
I want a shared ride for 2 people.	14
I like to go 4546 El Camino Real and it is for 2 people. can you help me to call a cab?	14
Why don't you call a cab for me?	14
I need a cab to Szechwan Restaurant. 1 person.	14
I need to go somewhere. Please get me a cab, it is okay if it is a shared ride.	14
Can you get me a cab? Me and a friend would like to go to 3685 Mount Diablo Boulevard #100, so we need a shared ride for two.	14
I need a cab	14
Would you assist me in calling a cab?	14
I need a cab please.	14
I'd like to call a taxi please. A shared ride is fine.	14
Will you call a cab?	14
I need to book a taxi please.	14
Can you get me a cab?	14
I need to get a cab to 1707 Webster street and a shared ride is fine.	14
Can you help me get a cab for 2 to Newell Vista Apartments?	14
Could you find me a cab to Morimoto Napa? It is for 2 people and a shared ride is fine.	14
I need a ride to Newseum for 3 people.	14
I want to go to Yoshino Sushi for which I need a Cab for two persons. Can you help me to find the one?	14
Can you get me a cab that goes to 15501 San Pablo Ave?	14
Hello! Please can you help me to book a cab for a ride?	14
What time is the movie playing?	9
When can I look at it?	9
At what time can I watch it at Boulevard Cinema?	9
What time is the movie The Curse of La Llorona playing in Larkspur?	9
What time will it be on?	9
Hello, I am looking for a movie to watch.	9
Can you tell me the time when I can watch the movie?	9
At what time can I watch a movie?	9
At what time can I watch it?	9
I want to watch a 3d show at the Roxie Theater. What time can I watch there?	9
I want to watch a movie next Tuesday at Livermore Cinema.	9
What time can I watch a movie at?	9
What time can I see a movie?	9
Is Little on 2nd of March?	9
I'm in the mood to watch a movie. What are the available showtimes?	9
When is it playing?	9
I want to watch a movie and I need your help to search for the interested one.	9
I would like to watch it on the 2nd, do you know what time it is showing?	9
I want to watch it on the 2nd, what availability is there?	9
What time is it playing?	9
Can you find out when Breakthrough is playing in Newark?	9
I'm looking for movie times.	9
I'm in the mood to see somethign at Imax in Newark. What should I see?	9
what time can i watch it?	9
I'd like to see a movie. Can you find me showtimes?	9
Can you look in for movies in Union City on March 3rd as i need to watch it on imax and what is the watching time?	9
What time can I watch it at Opera Plaza?	9
What time can I watch a 3D show at Century Downtown?	9
Pull up 3d shows playing at SFO. I would like to watch at Century San Francisco Centre. I need a list of movies playing.	9
What time can I watch it?	9
What time can I watch it?	9
Whats the time?	9
At what time is there a movie?	9
If I want to watch a movie at Century Hilltop on 1st of this month, at what time can I watch it?	9
tell me the show timings	9
Could you find for movies shown in Livermore and at what time can i watch it?	9
What times are Imax movies playing on the 9th?	9
I need to watch on 9th of March and what is the time to watch it?	9
I want to go out to the movies, can you look for showings in San Ramon?	9
What time is the movie playing?	9
What time will I be able to watch it? Can you do a search for movies shown in SFO?	9
What time can I watch the movie?	9
I'm looking for Hellboy show times. Can you search in Santa Rosa?	9
Hey! I am looking for a good movie to watch it on March 8th. Please can you find me one?	9
I would like to see a movie at the CineLux Almaden in San Jose. I would also like to know the movie times.	9
What time may I watch it?	9
Find movie times at 3 Below Theaters and Lounge.	9
I want to go and see a movie tomorrow, can you search for some options for me?	9
I want to watch it next Wednesday, can you tell me the times it is showing?	9
I want to watch a movie in the Campbell located theater Pruneyard Cinemas next Wednesday.	9
Hi, what time can I watch a movie?	9
Which is the correct time to watch it?	9
What time can I watch?	9
Find me what time movies in Brentwood are available on the 2nd of March.	9
I am intereseted in 3d movies in Sebastopol and the times they are showing.	9
Hi, what time can I watch the movie?	9
When is it playing?	9
What time am I able to watch?	9
What is a good time to see it?	9
I want to go watch a movie at Embarcadero Center Cinema in SFO. Find some showtimes for the 9th of this month.	9
Hi, what time will I be able to watch it?	9
I want to watch a movie.	9
I'm looking to watch something, can you help me find show times?	9
I need to watch it on the 4th and what is the time i need to watch it?	9
When can I watch the movie?	9
What times are there to see it?	9
My friend told me to go see this cool movie at imax. Your help setting that up for the 5th would be greatly appreciated.	9
I would like to wath a 3d show in Petaluma at Boulevard Cinema.	9
I want to watch The Best of Enemies on March 1st. What times can I see it at?	9
Hi, when can I watch a regular Hotel Mumbai show?	9
I want to watch a 3d movie in San Leandro at the Century Cinemas. What do you recommend?	9
I'd like to watch a movie at Century at Hayward on 3rd of March. Can you help me find movies showing in Hayward? What times were available?	9
I am in the mood to watch anything.	9
What time is it on?	9
I'd like to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin: what time can I watch it?	9
I need to find movie times.	9
Tell me when I can watch it.	9
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur.	9
I want to see Breakthrough on march 8th. What time is it showing?	9
I'd like to watch a regular show in Santa Rosa on the 8th. What time can I watch it?	9
What time can I watch it?	9
What are the current showtimes?	9
Can you tell me what time I can watch it?	9
